CONTENTS OF DISK 0001
---------------------

amigademo	Graphical benchmark for comparing amigas.
		Author: Charlie Heath (MicroSmiths)

amigaterm	Terminal emulation program with xmodem upload/download
		capability.
		Author: Michael Mounier

balls		Simulation of the "kinetic thingy" with balls on strings
		where only the end balls move (quick, can YOU come up
		with a better description?).  Anyway, cute.
		Author: Perry Kivolowitz

colorful	Shows off use of hold-and-modify mode.
		Posted to usenet by Robert Pariseau.

dhrystone	Dhrystone benchmark program.
		Author: Reinhold Weicker (Ada version)
			Rick Richardson (C version)

dotty		Source to the "dotty window" demo on the Workbench disk.
		Posted to usenet by Dale Luck.

freedraw	A small "paint" type program.  Free drawing, boxes, 
		filled boxes, etc.
		Author: Rick Ross

gad		"Fun with Gadgets".  Demonstration program for use
		of gadgets.
		Author: John Draper (Aka "crunch")

gfxmem		Graphical memory usage display program.  Watch your
		machine's memory usage!  Cute and useful.
		Author: Louis Mamakos

halfbrite	Sample program that demonstrates "Extra-Half-Brite"
		mode on latter AMIGA's with new VLSI chip.  Allows
		64 colors in low-res mode, rather than 32.
		Posted to usenet by Robert Pariseau.

hello		Demonstrates creation of a simple window, "hello world".
		Posted to usenet by Eric Lavitsky.

latffp		Shows how to access the Motorola Fast Floating Point
		library from Lattice C.  Also demonstrates the tremendous
		speedup obtained.
		Author: Larry Hildenbrand

palette		Sample program for designing color palettes.
		Author: Charlie Heath

trackdisk	Demonstrates use of the trackdisk driver.  Useful example
		of "raw" disk read/write.
		Author: Rob Peck

requesters	Sample program and documentation for building and
		using requesters.  John worked REAL hard to dig out
		all the information in this one!
		Author: John Draper (aka "crunch")

speech		Sample speech demo program.  Stripped down version of
		"speechtoy".
		Author: Rob Peck

speechtoy	Another speech demo program.  Cute.  You have to see this
		one.  Be sure to click gadget that pops up the face.
		Author: David Lucas

CONTENTS OF DISK 0002
---------------------

alib		Object module librarian.
		Author: Mike Schwartz

cc		Unix-like frontend for Lattice C compiler.
		Author: Fred Fish

dbug		Macro based C debugging package.  Machine independent.
		Provides function trace, selective printing of internal
		state information, and more.
		Author: Fred Fish

make		Subset of "unix" make command.  Useful, but does not have
		many of the features of the full make, much less the newer
		"augmented make".
		Author: Landon Dyer

make2		Another make subset command.
		Author: Marc Mengel

microemacs	Small, relatively portable version of emacs.  Has
		keyboard macros.  No extension language.
		Author: Dave Conroy

portar		Portable archiver.  Used to bundle text file up into a 
		single file for transmission as a unit, or otherwise
		handling as a single file.  "Portable" because the code
		itself is portable and because the archive format is
		very simple (uses ascii headers to separate files).
		From Decus C distribution.
		Author:  Martin Minow

xrf		C cross reference utility.  Originally from Decus C
		distribution.
		Author: Bob Denny

CONTENTS OF DISK 0003
---------------------

gothic		Gothic banner printer.  Prints DOWN the page, rather
		than across, so arbitrarily long banners can be 
		created.  Send EOF (CTRL-\) to end input.
		From a Decus C distribution several years ago.
		Author: unknown

roff		A "roff" type text formatter, roughly following
		"Software Tools" version.  Somewhat upwardly compatible
		with unix "nroff" command.
		Author Ken Yap

ff		A very fast text formatter, controlled exclusively by
		command line arguments.
		Author: Gary Perlman & hordes of students

cforth		A highly portable forth implementation.  Lots of goodies.
		Author: Allan Pratt

xlisp		A nice little lisp implementation.  Compiles and links
		ok, but something in the Lattice C setjmp/longjmp 
		code prevents it from currently running.  Might be 
		easily fixed.  Version 1.4
		Author: David Betz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0004
---------------------

banner		Prints horizontal banner (across screen).  From Decus
		C distribution of several years ago.
		Author: Unknown
		
bgrep		Another grep like utility, also using the Boyer-Moore
		algorithm.
		Author: Roy Mongiovi and Arnold Robbins

bison		A replacement for unix "yacc" command.  This is from
		the GNU (GNU is Not Unix) effort, and was obtained
		from the Free Software Foundation.  Compiles and
		links (with some effort) but currently crashes the
		machine.  Needs work, but will probably be worth it.
		Author: Bob Corbett and Richard Stallman

bm		A grep like utility using the Boyer-Moore algorithm.
		Author: Peter Bain

grep		Decus grep (Get Regular Expression and Print).  Useful
		for finding strings in files.
		Author: Unknown

kermit		This is an absolutely ancient kermit, who's only
		saving grace is that it is small and quite portable.
		On the AMIGA, there is no connect mode, only send and
		receive.  You must log into the remote machine via
		one of it's local terminals and point it's kermit at the
		appropriate serial line connected to the AMIGA.
		Author: Unknown, but it is so hacked up it doesn't
			matter by now.

MyCLI		Another CLI for the AMIGA.
		Author: Mike Schwartz

mandel		A Mandelbrot set program.
		Author: Robert French, with additions by RJ Mical

CONTENTS OF DISK 0005
---------------------

This is disk 5 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
It contains many of the programs, written by Commodore-Amiga people,
that were included in disk number 1.  However, they have been cleaned
up so that they compile cleanly on the AMIGA, return resources 
allocated, etc.

cons		Console device demo program with supporting macro routines.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

freemap		Creates a visual diagram of free memory.  Comes with
		custom icon so can be run from workbench screen.
		Author: Robert J. Mical

input.dev	In combination with hander.interface.asm (supplied),
		lets a user trap keyboard or mouse events before they
		get to Intuition and if desired, install new (phony/
		generated/other-devices-mouse-simulations) into the
		input stream.  Handler.interface.asm is needed to convert
		the calling sequence performed by the input.task for
		the input stream management into something that a
		C program can understand.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

joystick	Shows how to set up the gameport device as a joystick.
		Reports parameters received from joystick hooked to
		right port.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

keyboard	Sample program to demonstrate direct communications with
		the keyboard.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

layers		Shows use of the layers library, used by Intuition to
		create windows (layers handles all overlapping drawing
		areas and keeps things straight, sending to the back,
		bringing to the front, making larger/smaller, etc.)
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

mandelbrot	Latest and greatest mandelbrot program.  New features
		include the ability to save images in "iff" format,
		for reading into Deluxe Paint or other programs that
		use iff.  Also includes code from GraphiCraft to handle
		color palette and change colors at will.  Many additions
		by RJ Mical.
		Author: Robert French

mouse		Shows how to set up the gameport device as a mouse so
		that hooking up the mouse to the right port gives access
		to mouse information.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

one.window	Produces a window with a console attached.  Does graphics
		in the top half and limits the console activity to the
		lower half.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/18/85

parallel	Demonstrates access to the parallel port.
		Author: Tom Pohorsky  12/1/85

printer		Shows how to open and use a printer, does a screen dump
		of the workbench screen if there is a graphics-capable
		printer attached.
		Currently does not compile under Lattice C Ver3.02 and
		does not link under Lattice C Ver3.03.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

print.support	Printer support routines.  Currently won't compile,
		missing a header file "local.h".
		Author: unknown

proctest	Sample code to create a process, set up message ports,
		pass messages, etc.  Sample slave code for create process
		test (littleproc.c) currently does not link under either
		Lattice C 3.02 or 3.03 (unresolved global variables not
		in libraries).
		Author: Rob Peck  1/4/86

region		Demonstrates how a drawing area can be split into linked
		rectangular regions.  Draws a rectangle in a single
		playfield display, then draws "Behind a Fence" several
		times behind an apparent fence in the rectangle.
		Only works under Lattice Ver3.03.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

samplefont	A sample font that produces clubs, hearts, spaces, and
		diamonds as its four characters.  Shows precisely what
		is contained in an Amiga font.
		Author: Unknown

serial		Demonstrates access to the serial port.  Requires an
		external terminal connected to the serial port.
		Author: Unknown

singlePlayfield
		Creates and displays a 320 by 200 by 2 bit plane
		single playfield display.  Completely covers Intuition's
		display, but gives the system back at exit.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

speechtoy	Latest and greatest version of Dave's cute speech demo
		program.  Comes with custom icon so can be run from
		a workbench screen.
		Author: Dave Lucas

speech.demo	A much simplified version of speechtoy.  Also includes
		exec support functions for extended IO requests,
		CreateExtIO() to allocate and initialize a new IO request
		block and DeleteExtIO() to free an extended IO request
		block.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

text.demo	Sample program that asks AvailFonts() to make a list of
		the fonts that are available, then opens a window and
		then prints a description of the various attributes that
		can be applied to the fonts, in the font itself.
		Previous versions were released as "whichfont".
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

timer		Simple timer example program.  Includes dynamic
		allocation of data structures needed to communicate
		with the timer device, as well as the actual device
		IO.
		Author: Rob Peck  12/1/85

trackdisk	Demonstrates use of trackdisk driver.  Useful example of
		"raw" disk read/write.
		Author Rob Peck  12/1/85

CONTENTS OF DISK 0006
---------------------

compress	Compress reduces the size of the named files using
		adaptive Lempel-Ziv coding.  The amount of compression
		obtained depends on the size of the input, the number of
		bits per code, and the distribution of common substrings.
		Typically, text such as source code or English is reduced
		by 50-60%.  Compression is generally much better then that
		achieved by Huffman coding (as used in "pack") or
		adaptive Huffman coding (as used in "compact"), and takes
		less time to compute.  Great for saving disk space, or
		reducing transmission time over phone lines!  Also includes
		"btoa" and "atob" for converting binary files to ascii, and
		then back to binary (for transmission over links that do
		not support 8 bits).
		Author: Thomas Spencer, with improvements by others

dadc		A digital computer impersonating an analog clock
		impersonating a digital clock.
		Author: Perry S. Kivolowitz

microemacs	An upgraded version of microemacs originally distributed
		on disk number 2.  I don't have an exact list of changes
		but the new executable is about 25% larger, so there must
		be something in there!  One enhancement is that some
		functions are now also bound to function keys.
		Author: Dave Conroy, with enhancements by Jack Roose.

mult		Mult reads the input comparing adjacent lines.  In the
		normal case, the second and succeeding copies of repeated
		lines are output, and the remainder of the lines are
		removed.  Repeated lines must be adjacent in order to be
		found.  Options are present to output the first of multiple
		lines, for comparing adjacent lines by field only, and for
		specifying the field separator character.  Kind of the
		opposite of the Unix "uniq" program.
		Author: Dennis Bednar

scales		Demonstrates use of the Audio functions in the ROM to
		produce four voice sound.  It uses a simple waveform
		(sawtooth) with no amplitude control (ie, envelope)
		or frequency variation (ie, vibrato), but these can be
		easily implemented.  Also includes considerable 
		documentation on audio device.
		Author: Steven A. Bennett
 
setparallel	Allows the CLI user to dynamically change any particular
		parallel port parameter.
		Author: Keith Stobie and Tom Pohorsky

setserial	Allows the CLI user to dynamically change any particular
		serial port parameter.
		Author: Keith Stobie and Tom Pohorsky

sortc		A quicksort based sort program, using separate driver
		and sort modules.  Originally from a DECUS C distribution.
		Claims to be fast, but when operating entirely out of ram
		takes 93 seconds to sort its input file, sort.c, while
		AmigaDos's sort takes only 43 seconds under the same 
		conditions.
		Author: Dave Conroy, Martin Minow, and Ray Van Tassle

stripc		Strips comments and extraneous whitespace from C source
		files.  Useful for compacting the C header files to
		increase usable disk space.
		Author: Chris Metcalf

		
CONTENTS OF DISK 0007
---------------------

This is disk 7 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
This disk contains a port (executables only) of the popular UNIX game
"Hack", courtesy of John Toebes, 120 H Northington Pl, Cary NC. 27511.

This is Version 1.0.1.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0008
---------------------

It contains the source to "Hack", a popular UNIX game ported to the
AMIGA by John Toebes.  Please read all the associated README files
before redistributing with changes.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0009
---------------------

moire		Draws moire patterns in black and white in a borderless
		backdrop window.  Currently only runs with Lattice C
		version 3.02, when compiled with 3.03 crashes the system.
		Author: Scott Ballantyne

MVP-FORTH	Mountain View Press Forth, version 1.00.03A.
		A shareware version of forth from Fantasia Systems.
		Runable from the workbench, comes with icons and
		such.  If you use this, you should send a contribution
		to Fantasia Systems / Mountain View Press.

proff		Another text formatting program.  This one is significantly
		more powerful than any of the others previously distributed
		on these disks.

setlace		Program to toggle interlace mode on and off.
		When used with a black background, and amber or green
		characters, produces a nice CLI environment.
		Author: Bob Pariseau,  Nov 85

skewb		Not quite sure what this is supposed to be, it was
		downloaded from a bbs with no documentation.  C'mon
		folks, at least put a three line description at the
		start of your programs!
		Author: Raymond S. Brand

sparks		Graphics demo that draws a "moving pathway", adding
		to the front and removing from the tail (sure is
		hard to come up with verbal descriptions of these
		things!).
		Author: Scott Ballantyne

CONTENTS OF DISK 0010
---------------------

conquest	You control an interstellar empire, decide which star
		systems to explore, which planets to colonize, etc.
		The computer will also be building its own empire and
		competing with you for resources.  The one with the
		greatest population at the end wins.  Executable only,
		no source.  Downloaded from Denver BBS.
		Author: Unknown, ported to Amiga by Rob Shimbo

dehex		Simple little program to convert hex format file into
		a binary file.  Reads lines of hex characters on stdin
		and writes 8 bit dehex'd bytes to stdout.
		Author: Fred Fish

filezap		Patch program for any type of file.  Executable only,
		no source available.
		Author: John Hodgson

fixobj		Strip extraneous garbage off end of object files
		transfered with xmodem.  Does not require preknowledge
		of actual file length, uses knowledge of Amiga file
		structure.
		Author: John Hodgson

iff		Routines to read and write iff format files.  Includes
		program to display iff files made by DPaint.  Also
		see the DPSlide program on disk 11.
		Author: Jerry Morrison, Steve Shaw, and Steve Hayes

ld		I presume this stands for "list directory".  Lists
		contents of specified diretory or disk, using inverse
		video and colors to group objects by type.
		Author: Dave Haynie

ls		Minimal implementation of UNIX ls.  Demonstrates
		use of UNIX style filename pattern matching code.
		Author: Rick Schaeffer

sq.usq		Squeeze and unsqueeze, from the CPM world.  Works, but
		"compress" from disk 6 runs almost twice as fast and
		produces even smaller files.
		Author: R. Greenlaw, Amiga port by Rick Schaeffer

trek73		A Star Trek game.  This one is just crying out to
		be Amiga'ized by some ambitious hacker.
		Authors:  Many, see comment in main.c

yachtc		Dice game.
		Author: Sheldon Leemon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0011
---------------------

dpslide		A slide show program for displaying graphic images
		which are in the iff format, such as output from the
		Electronic Arts Deluxe Paint program.  Allows the user
		to select the display time for each slide and the method
		of bringing the slide up to the screen, and then removing
		it.  Double buffers images to improve smoothness of
		display.
		Author: Paul Biondo

pictures	Miscellaneous DPaint and digitized pictures, in iff
		format.  Some are rated R.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0012
---------------------

This is disk 12 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
Note that this disk contains a number of programs apparently available
only in executable form.  I am not real happy with this trend, but
had no way of getting in contact with the authors who posted these
programs to various BBS's to request source.  I have no reason to
believe that any of these executable only postings contain any
deliberate "misfeatures", but you should always use such programs
cautiously.

amiga3d		Shows a rotating 3 dimensional solid "Amiga sign".
		No source available, executable only (downloaded from
		a Denver BBS)
		Author: Barry (bart) Whitebook of C-A

ArgoTerm	Yet another terminal emulator program.  However, this
		one is written in macro assembler, so should be of
		interest to anyone doing serious assembly language
		development.  Version 0.20
		Author: Jez San

arrow3d		Shows a rotating 3 dimensional wire frame arrow.
		No source available, executable only (downloaded from
		a Denver BBS)
		Author: Steve Beats of C-A

ld4		Another directory listing program using some graphics
		style output.  Executable only, no source available.
		(Downloaded from a Denver BBS)
		Author: unknown

IconExec	These two tools allow execution of a program from an
& SetWindow	icon without having to recompile the program.
		Author: John Toebes VIII

images		Miscellaneous DPaint and digitized pictures, in iff
		format.  Some are rated R.

SetAlternate	Merge the images from two icons to produce one icon with
		a primary image, and a possibly completely different image
		to display when selected.
		Author: John Toebes VIII

StarTerm	Another terminal emulator program.  ASCII and XMODEM
		support, telephone dialer, function keys, load file
		stripping, text file conversion, full/half duplex,
		Author: Jim Nangano and Steve Plegge

CONTENTS OF DISK 0013
---------------------

This is disk 13 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
It is a grab bag of basic programs, mostly untested.  No speekee basic
so if these don't work, call someone else.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0014
---------------------

This disk contains the first ever public release of two new pieces of
code, "dex" and "termcap".  Also, this is the first disk in the library
that includes executables produced with both the Manx and Lattice C
compilers, whenever possible.  This greatly helps to isolate bugs.

amiga3d		Shows a rotating 3 dimensional solid "AMIGA" sign.
		This is an updated version of the program released
		on disk number 12, and now includes full source.
		Author: Barry Whitebook @ Commodore-Amiga

beep		Source for a function that generates a beep sound, like
		CTRL-G on a VT100 terminal.
		Author: Samuel Dicker @ Commodore-Amiga

dex		Program to extract documentation in a human readable
		format inside source files, and produce nroff style
		output for manuals and other such external documents.
		First ever public release.
		Author: Fred Fish

dimensions	Programs to demonstrate three and four dimensional graphics.
		Not quite sure how else to describe them!
		Author: Anselm Hook

filezap		An updated version of the file zap utility first released
		on disk number 10.  Can be used to patch any type of
		file.  Nice, and VERY useful.
		Author: John Hodgson

gfxmem		An updated version of the graphical memory display
		program first released on disk number 1.  Watch your
		machine's memory usage change dynamically under use!
		Author: Louis Mamakos

gi		Converts DPaint brush files to C source files "necessary
		to create an Image structure, including height, width,
		depth, and color information, as well as the array of 
		data which represents the bit planes of the image".
		Author: Mike Farren

pdterm		A simple terminal emulator that does ANSI or DEC VT-100
		emulation in 80 cols by 25 lines.  Version 1.21.
		Author: Michael McInerny

shell		A simple csh style shell with history and some other
		goodies.  Still needs some polishing and enhancement,
		but is quite nice as it.  Thanks Matt!!!  We've really
		needed something like this for a long time.  Now if you
		would just do a ksh version instead...
		Author: Matt Dillon

termcap		A (mostly) unix compatible implementation of a termcap
		library.  First ever public release.
		Author: Fred Fish

CONTENTS OF DISK 0015
---------------------

Whenever possible, both Lattice C and Manx C executables are provided.
The Lattice executables have the extension ".lattice" and the Manx
executables have the extension ".manx".  This greatly helps to isolate
bugs.

Blobs		A simple graphics program, reminiscent of the unix "worms" 
		program, but in color of course.
		Author: Peter Engelbrite

Clock		A simple digital clock program designed to be small and to
		live completely in the screen title bar, where it is out
		of the way.
		Author: Mike Meyer

Dazzle		An eight-fold symmetry dazzler program.  Really pretty!
		Author: Peter Engelbrite

Fish		"A demo program which runs an AnimOb in a double buffered
		screen with sequence cycled animation".  (Basically
		shows a fish "swimming" across the top of the screen).
		Author: Catherine Wagner (posted by Barry Whitebook)

Monopoly	A really nice monopoly game written in AbasiC.
		Follow the directions in the file "InstallationGuide"
		to produce a bootable games disk.
		Author: David Addison

OkidataDump	Okidata ML92 driver and WorkBench screen dump program.
		Does both alpha and graphics.  Untested (I don't have the
		printer)
		Author: Raimund Gluecker

Polydraw	A drawing program written in AbasiC.
		Author: David Addison

Polyfractals	A fractal program written in AbasiC.
		Author: David Addison

CONTENTS OF DISK 0016
---------------------

This is a copy of the Amiga Developer's IFF disk, received directly from
Commodore-Amiga sources, with permission to place in the library and
redistribute.  It is unchanged except for:

	1)	The volume name has been changed to AmigaLibDisk16.
	2)	This file (README.list16) has been added.
	3)	The standard library README file README.dist
		has been added.

Enjoy
-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0017
---------------------

This is a copy of a H.A.M. (Hold And Modify) graphics demo disk received
from a vendor that is producing hardware to capture such images, and
software to process them.  It is unchanged except for:

	1)	The volume name has been changed to AmigaLibDisk17.
	2)	This file (README.list17) has been added.
	3)	The standard library README file README.dist
		has been added.
	4)	The 'showilbm' program has been added to allow viewing
		of the two monochrome pictures (dozer.hires and robert.lores)
		without requiring Deluxe Paint.
	5)	The supplied 'readme' file has been augmented with
		information received on hardcopy along with the disk, and
		a note has been added about how to use the showilbm 
		program.

Enjoy
-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0018
---------------------

AmigaDisplay	Yet another variation of a terminal emulator program.
		This is a modified AmigaTerm that can emulate a dumb
		terminal (interesting paradox here somewhere...), translate
		line termination sequences, optionally capture or discard
		control characters in the captured file, use audible bell,
		use another font, etc.
		Author: Don Woods (Original code by Michael Mounier)

Ash		Prerelease version of a C-shell like shell program.
		Has history, command substitution, loops, etc.
		Author: Thorn Smith

Browser		A program that lets you wander around a file tree and
		peek into files, all with the mouse.
		Author: Mike (I'll be mellow when I'm dead) Meyer

MC68010		Complete information package for upgrading an Amiga
		to use an MC68010 in place of the MC68000.  Includes
		a software fix that makes this transparent to user
		programs that use instructions that are priviledged
		on the 68010.
		Author: Thad Floryan

Multidim	Lets you rotate a 2 to 6 dimensional "cube" on the
		screen using the joystick.
		Author: Robert French

PigLatin	Tired of the "say" command?  This one will translate
		and speak your input in pig latin!
		Author: Thomas Clement

Scrimper	Short for "SCReen IMage PrintER".  A screen dump utility
		which can be run from the workbench or the CLI.
		Author: Perry Kivolowitz

Xlisp1.6	A very nice little lisp for those that want to study the
		internals of a real, working lisp interpreter.
		Author: Dave Betz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0019
---------------------

BlackJack	A line oriented (no graphics) blackjack game.
		Author: Unknown

JayMinerSlides	These are the Amiga slides produced/used by Jay Miner
		(the designer of Amiga's custom graphics chips) in his
		talks about the Amiga.  They are all hi-res (640 x 400)
		and are best displayed on a long-persistence color
		monitor.

Keymap_Test	A program to test the keymapping routines and find
		possible bugs.  Useful as an example of keymapping.
		Author: Pushpa Kumar

LockMon		Find file locks.  Useful for discovering if programs
		properly clean up after themselves.
		Author: Dewi Williams

CONTENTS OF DISK 0020
---------------------

AmigaToAtari	Source code for an Amiga to Atari ST object code format
		converter.  Takes Amiga objects as input and produces
		Atari objects as output.  This allows the Amiga to be
		used as a cross development machine providing the
		proper libraries are available.  (Currently does not
		work, but I don't have an ST to try it with anyway...)
		Author: Landon Dyer at Atari Corp.

DiskSalv	Program to recover files from a trashed AmigaDOS disk.
		Can also "undelete" files deleted by mistake, so long
		as they have not overwritten by further disk activity.
		Requires two disk drives.  VERY useful...
		Author: Dave Haynie

Hash		Small example program that computes the AmigaDOS directory
		hash function.
		Author: Neil Katin at Commodore-Amiga

Hd		Hex dump utility using some ideas from Mike Higgin's
		article in Computer Language magazine, Apr 86.
		Formats the dump based on the natural byte ordering
		of the machine on which it runs.
		Author: David Elins at NEC Information Systems

MandelBrots	Some mandelbrot images submitted for the "mandelbrot
		images contest" some months ago.  Only three people
		submitted mandelbrots and these were among the most
		interesting.
		
MultiTasking	Tutorial and example program for multitasking at the Exec
		level.
		Author: Leo L. Schwab

Pack		Program to strip extraneous whitespace from C programs
		or header files.  Can be used to condense the C compiler
		header files to free up disk space.
		Author: Jeff Dickson

PortHandler
		Author: A sample Port-Handler program that performs
		the functions of the standard Port-Handler.  Shows what
		the BCPL environment looks like from the handler point of
		view.
		Author: John Toebus VIII

Random		Random number generator in assembly.  Much faster than
		versions using floating point.  Can be used by either
		assembly or C programs.
		Author: Steve Beats at Commodore-Amiga

SetMouse2	Program to set the mouse port to either the left port or
		right port.
		Author: Robert Burns at Commodore-Amiga

SpeechTerm	Terminal emulator that can speak the received text.
		Also has XMODEM file transfer.
		Author: Leftheris Koutsofios

Ted		Demo version of an editor that has since been
		renamed as TXed (I believe).
		Author: Charles Heath at MicroSmiths 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0021
---------------------

This is a copy of Thomas Wilcox's Mandelbrot Set Explorer disk.

It is unchanged except for:

	1)	The volume name has been changed to AmigaLibDisk21.
	2)	This file (README.list21) has been added.
	3)	The standard library README file README.dist
		has been added.

To run from CLI:

	1)	cd dfX:  (where X is drive containing disk)
	2)	mse

To run from Workbench:

	1)	Click on MSD icon.

It contains extensive on-line help information, unlike other Mandelbrot
programs distributed in this library.  It also is capable of displaying
some very pretty hi-res pictures in interlace mode.

Enjoy
-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0022
---------------------

This disk contains two new "strains" of microemacs, both derived from
early releases of Dave Conroy's microemacs.  There is currently an
attempt on usenet, lead by Dave Brower, to coordinate an effort to
merge features from the different versions into a single supported
microemacs.  In the meantime, perhaps you can find a feature you need
in one of these...

Lemacs		Microemacs version 3.6 as enhanced and supported
		by Daniel Lawrence.  This version works and has been
		tested on Unix V7, BSD 4.2, Amiga, MS-DOS, and VMS.
		Enhancements include overwrite mode, support for Amiga
		function keys, reverse video status line, numeric
		arguments using <ESC><number>, replace, buffer specific
		editing modes, word wrap mode, goto-line, buffer rename,
		insert-file, execute named command, describe bindings,
		startup files, and more.
		Author: Dave Conroy, enhancements by Daniel Lawrence

Pemacs		Microemacs as enhanced by Andy Poggio.  New features
		include use of <ALT> keys as Meta keys, default buffers
		on buffer switch, mouse support, higher priority to
		improve interactive response, creation of backup files,
		paragraph fill, word wrap, query replace, and support for
		function keys.
		Author: Dave Conroy, enhancements by Daniel Lawrence

CONTENTS OF DISK 0023
---------------------

This disk contains a significantly enhanced version of microemacs based
on the version 30 release posted to usenet's mod.sources newsgroup.

Previous versions of microemacs released on these disks derived from
a very old version of microemacs.  Since that old release, the author
has cleaned up lots of loose ends and restructured major parts of the code.
Other people have already added support for termcap, ports to other machines
and operating systems, and a limited GNU emacs compatibility option.

Because recipients of this disk might wish to run this new microemacs
on other machines in addition to the Amiga, I have encluded all sources
that were available to me at the time of release.  The subdirectories
which give alternate implementations are:

	Sys/Vms		System modules for VAX VMS
	Sys/Atari	System modules for Atari ST
	Sys/Msdos	System modules for MSDOS
	Sys/Cpm86	System modules for Cpm
	Sys/Amiga	System modules for Amiga
	Sys/Ultrix	System modules for Ultrix/BSD4.2
	Sys/SysV	System modules for Unix System V
	Tty/Atari	Terminal driver for Atari ST
	Tty/7300	Terminal driver for AT&T Unix PC (7300)
	Tty/Intuition	Terminal driver for Amiga using Intuition
	Tty/Termcap	Terminal driver using termcap for Unix
	Tty/Ansi	Terminal driver using Ansi codes
	Tty/Amigados	Terminal driver for Amiga using just Amigados
	Tty/Heath	Terminal driver for a Heath terminal

There currently is a major effort underway on usenet, led by Dave
Brower, to standardize microemacs and bring the many variations under
one common implementation.  Please send any enhancements to rtech!daveb,
or send them to me and I will see that he gets them.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0024
---------------------

Conquest	You control an interstellar empire, decide which star
		systems to explore, which planets to colonize, etc.
		The computer will also be building its own empire
		and competing with you for resources.  The one with
		the greatest population at the end wins.  First
		distributed in executable form only on disk number
		10.  This distribution includes source.
		Author:  Unknown, ported to Amiga by Rob Shimbo

Csh		Second release of a csh-like alternative to the
		CLI, first released on disk number 14.  Has alias,
		builtin functions like "dir" for speed, history,
		named variables, command re-execution with 
		substitution, etc.
		Author: Matt Dillon

Modula-2	A pre-release version of the single pass Modula-2
		compiler originally developed for MacIntosh at ETHZ.
		This code was transmitted to the AMIGA and is executed
		on the AMIGA using a special loader.  Binary only.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0025
---------------------

This is disk 25 of the freely distributable AMIGA software library.
This disk contains a port (executables only) of the popular UNIX game
"Hack", courtesy of John Toebes, 120 H Northington Pl, Cary NC. 27511.

This is Version 1.0.1E., with graphics enhancements for the Amiga.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0026
---------------------

UnHunk		Tool to process the Amiga "hunk" loadfile format.
		Collects code, data, and bss hunks together, allows
		individual specification of code, data, and bss origins,
		and generates binary file with format reminiscent of Unix
		"a.out" format.  The output file can be easily processed
		by a separate program to produce Motorola "S-records"
		suitable for downloading to PROM programmer.
		Author:  Eric Black

C-kermit	Port of the popular "kermit" program, a flexible
		virtual terminal and file transfer program from
		Columbia University.
		Author:  Unknown, ported to Amiga by Davide Cervone

Ps		A program to display process priorities and another
		program to set a process's priority to any arbitrary
		valid value.  Very useful to provide finer control
		over your multitasking environment.
		Author:  Dewi Williams

Archx		Yet more programs for bundling up text files and
		mailing or posting them as a single file unit.
		Author: Martin Minow

CONTENTS OF DISK 0027
---------------------

ABdemos		Amiga Basic demos.  NewConvertFD creates .bmaps from
		fd files.  BitPlanes finds addresses of and writes to
		bitplanes of the screen's bitmap.  AboutBmaps is a 
		tutorial on creation and use of bmaps.  LoadILBM loads
		and displays IFF ILBM pics.  LoadACBM loads and displays
		ACBM pics.  ScreenPrint creates a demo screen and dumps
		it to a graphic printer.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner, Commodore-Amiga

Disassem	A simple 68000 disassembler.  Reads standard Amiga
		object files and disassembles the code sections.
		Data sections are dumped in hex.  The actual disassember
		routines are set up to be callable from a user program
		so instructions in memory can be disassembled dynamically.
		Author:  Bill Rogers, Univ of WAIKATO (New Zealand)

DvorakKeymap	Example of a keymap structure for the Dvorak keyboard
		layout.  Untested but included because assembly examples
		are few and far between.
		Author: Robert Burns @ Commodore-Amiga

Hypocycloids	An electronic Spirograph inspired by an article in
		Feb '84 Byte.
		Author: Terry Gintz

LinesDemo	A demo program which illustrates the use of proportional
		gadgets to scroll around in a superbitmap window.
		Posted to usenet by Barry Whitebook @ Commodore-Amiga

MemExpansion	Schematics and directions for building your own homebrew
		1 Mb memory expansion.
		Author: Michael Fellinger

SafeMalloc	Ever have a program that corrupts it's own memory?  Well,
		this little gem can help you find the problem in a hurry.
		Acts as an interface between your program and the real
		malloc, checking for overrun, underrun, and duplicate
		freeing of malloc'd space.
		Author: Bjorn Benson, modifications by Fred Fish

ScienceDemos	Some science demos.  Sidereal is a tutorial program which
		introduces the user to the relationships between Julian
		and calendar dates and solar and sidereal times.  J2000
		is a utility program which converts stellar positions,
		proper motion, parallax and radial velocity from the 
		standard epoch B1950 (FK4) to epoch J2000 (FK5).  Galilean
		is a tutorial program which determines the position of
		the Galilean satellites relative to Jupiter.
		Programs courtesy of David Eagle at Science Software.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0028
---------------------

Backgammon	Another game in AbasiC by the author of Monopoly.
		Author:  David Addison

Cpp		This is a copy of the Decus cpp, ported to the Amiga.
		This cpp is more powerful and complete than either of
		the built in cpp's in Manx or Lattice C.  Also included
		is a modified version of the Unix like cc frontend, for
		Manx C, that knows about the cpp.
		Author:  cpp by Martin Minow;  cc by Fred Fish

Cribbage	Another game in AbasiC by the author of Monopoly.
		Author:  David Addison

MileStone	Another game in AbasiC by the author of Monopoly.
		Author:  David Addison

Othello		Another game in AbasiC by the author of Monopoly.
		Author:  David Addison

Shar		A program which can pack and unpack archives compatible
		with the Unix "shar" (shell archiver) program.
		Author:  Dave Wecker

SuperBitMap	An example program that shows how to use ScrollLayer,
		how to sync the SuperBitMap prior to printing, and how
		to create a dummy rastport for dumping the SuperBitMap.
		Works under 1.2 and up.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner and Phil Lindsay

CONTENTS OF DISK 0029
---------------------

AegisDrawDemo	Demo disk of the Aegis Draw program.  This is the
		actual production program with only the "save" feature
		disabled and without documentation (intentionally).
		Very impressive program!  Received directly from
		Aegis Development.

Cc		Version of the Unix like C compiler frontend program,
		for Manx C.  Previous released version was for Lattice C.
		Author:  Fred Fish

Enough		A new CLI execute file command that tests for various
		system resources such as available memory or existance
		of specific files, directories, or devices.
		Author:  Bruce Barrett @ Commodore-Amiga

Player		Animation player for Aegis Animator.  Received directly
		from Aegis Development.

Rubik		An animated Rubik's cube program based on Barry Whitebook's
		"amiga3d" program and Raymond Brand's "skewb" program.
		Author:  Bill Kinnersley

StringLib	A public domain reimplementation of the Unix string
		library functions.
		Author:  Henry Spencer @ U of Toronto

Vt100		A vt100 emulator program with Kermit and Xmodem file
		transfer protocols (based on AmigaTerm).
		Author:  Dave Wecker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0030
---------------------

Note that the programs on this disk are all shareware/freeware.
This means that if you find them useful, you are morally obligated
to send a small donation to the author to help support his efforts and
fund further development.  I hope that by including them in this
library I have furthered the author's goals of widest possible
distribution and thus maximum return.  Also note (for those that
like to split hairs) that I am distributing this disk as a "freebee".
To receive a copy, just request it when ordering any other disks from
the library.

Bbs		A BBS for the Amiga (BBS-Amiga Version 1.1).
		Author:  Ewan Grantham
		Author's suggested shareware donation:  $25

FineArt		This is a collection of works from some of the best
		of current Amiga artists.  Many thanks to Jim Sachs,
		Sheryl Knowles, Jack Haeger, and Aegis Development
		for submissions.

FontEditor	Does what the name implies, edits font's.
		Author:  Tim Robinson
		Author's suggested shareware donation: $5

MenuEditor	Create and edit menus, saving the result as either
		a binary file for further editing or as C source for
		inclusion in a program.
		Author:  David Pehrson
		Author's suggested shareware donation: $15

StarTerm	Starterm version 3.0.  Very nice telecommunications
		program.
		Author:  Jim Nangano
		Author's suggested shareware donation: $20

CONTENTS OF DISK 0031
---------------------

Life		Executes the cellular automata game of LIFE in the
		blitter chip.  Uses a 318 by 188 display and runs at
		19.8 generations per second.
		Author: Tomas Rokicki

Mandelbrot	Latest version of Robert French's mandelbrot program,
		version 3.00.
		Author: Robert French

MxExample	Example of mutual exclusion gadget handling.
		Author: Davide Cervone

RamSpeed	Program to measure raw memory speed, comparing internal
		memory to the external memory.
		Author: Perry Kivolowitz

Set		Replacement for the Manx "set" command (to set or
		change environment variables) with several
		improvements.
		Author: Tomas Rokicki

Tree		Draws a recursive tree (green leafy type, not files).
		Author: Robert French (original version by W. Balthrop)

TxEd		Latest demo version of Microsmith's text editor, TxEd.
		This is the full production version except that files are
		limited to 10K bytes in length and the search/replace
		functions are disabled.  Also, demo is based on an older
		version of TxEd, new release has additional features.
		Author: Charlie Heath

VDraw		Drawing program, based on freedraw, but now transformed
		and enhanced beyond recognition.  Draws hollow boxes, 
		filled boxes, freehand sketches, lines, circles, and arcs.
		Also has area fill, text insertion, 16 different line
		patterns, predefined area fill patterns, a magnify mode,
		cut and paste, color inversion, erase, grid pattern, and
		more.  This is version 1.08.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

Xicon		Contains two programs; Xicon which lets you use icons to
		call up scripts containing CLI commands, and Ticon, which
		is a simple program to display text files from icons.
		Author: Pete Goodeve

CONTENTS OF DISK 0032
---------------------

Address		Extended address book written in AmigaBasic.
		Author: Mark Hurst

Calendar	Calendar/diary program written in AmigaBasic.
		Author: Mark Hurst

DosPlus1	First volume of CLI oriented tools for developers.
		Executables only.
		Author: Bill Beogelein

DosPlus2	Second volume of CLI oriented tools for developers.
		Executables only.
		Author: Bill Beogelein

MacView		Allows viewing of a standard MacPaint picture file in
		either Amiga low resolution (320 x 200) or high
		resolution (640 x 400).  Executable only.
		Author: Scott Evernden

Puzzle		Simulation of puzzle with moving square tiles.
		Executable only.
		Author: Bill Beogelein

ShowHAM		Program to display HAM (Hold And Modify) mode images
		from the CLI environment.  Executable only.
		Author: Unknown

Solitaire	Two new ABasiC games, Canfield and Klondike.
		Author: David Addison

Spin3		Simple program that creates spinning cubes and transforms
		them into op-art.  Example of how to create a double
		buffered display with color tables that can be changed.
		Author: Ronald Peterson

Sword		Sword of Fallen Angel.  Text adventure game written
		in AmigaBasic.
		Author: Andry Rachmat

Trails		Cute little program that leaves a trail behind the
		pointer when the mouse is moved.  The trail has
		programmable symmetry, thickness, and length.
		The other interesting thing about this program is
		that it is written in Modula-2 (source provided).
		Author: Richie Bielak

CONTENTS OF DISK 0033
---------------------

3dstars		3d version of Leo's "stars" program (also on this disk).
		Author: Leo Schwab

Bigmap		Program which demonstrates how to use the low-level
		graphics calls, ScrollVPort especially.  Demonstrates
		scrolling around inside a very big bitmap.
		Author: Leo Schwab

Dbuf.gels	Sample program that demonstrates the animation routines
		for Bobs and VSprites.  Uses double buffering to smooth
		the display motion.
		Author: David Lucas

DiskMapper	Displays sector allocation of floppy disks.
		Author: Leo Schwab

MemView		Program which sets up a direct window into RAM, thus
		dynamically displaying the contents of memory.
		Author: Leo Schwab

Oing		Displays a window full of little bouncing balls.
		Author: Leo Schwab

ScreenDump	Dumps rastport of highest screen/window to printer.
		Author: Carolyn Scheppner

Sdb		Simple database program, originally released on a
		DECUS VAX SIG tape.
		Author: Unknown, Amiga port by Mic Kaczmarczik

Sproing		Same as Oing but includes sounds of balls colliding with
		boundries.
		Author: Leo Schwab

Stars		Displays a screen full of stars, reminiscent of a view
		from the starship Enterprise's flight deck.
		Author: Leo Schwab

TermPlus	Yet another variant of Michael Mournier's AmigaTerm
		program.  This one includes improved ascii capture,
		CRC and checksum xmodem protocol transfers, CompuServe
		B-protocol transfers, a phone library, function key
		support, and limited AmigaDOS functions.
		Author:  Enhancements by Bob Rakosky

Vt100		Release 2.0 of Dave's version of AmigaTerm.
		Includes support for function keys and script files.
		Author: Enhancements by Dave Wecker and Steve Drew.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0034
---------------------

Alint		Support files for Gimpel lint to make it useful on the
		Amiga.
		Author: Thomas Althoff

Blink		A linker written as a replacement for Alink.  Fully
		Alink compatible and supports many additional options
		not found in Alink.  Also is much faster than Alink and
		generates smaller executable files.  Version 5.7
		Author: Combined efforts of the Software Distillery

Browser		Updated version of the browser program released on disk
		number 18.  This one has been "manxified", has scroll
		bars, and several bugs fixed.
		Author: Mike Meyer, enhancements and fixes by Bob Leivian

Btree		Routines to implement a B-tree algorithm and several
		accompanying tests, apparently derived from the single
		file version also included on this disk under "Btree2".
		Still buggy, but looks useful with a little work.
		Author: Richard Hellier, posted to usenet by Steve Jefferson

Btree2		Previous (original) version of btree routines.
		Author: Richard Hellier

Calendar	Appointment calendar that lets you visually add and
		update appointments.  Can also run in background and
		remind you 15 minutes before any scheduled event.
		Author: Unknown, Amiga port by Bob Leivian

Less		Like Unix "more", only better, with forward and
		backward scrolling, searching and positioning by
		percent of file and line number, etc.  Very useful!
		Author: Mark Nudelman, Amiga port by Bob Leivian

NewFonts	Set of 28 new Amiga fonts.
		Author: Bill Fischer

Pr		A background print utility with several options for
		letter quality compressed mode and line numbers.  Also
		takes multiple files and wildcards.
		Author: Bob Leivian

Requester	A file name requester that looks like the one used in
		Deluxe Paint, and a sample program for using the
		requester.
		Author: Kevin Clague

CONTENTS OF DISK 0035
---------------------

ASendPacket	Example program for sending multiple packets asynchronously
		to a dos handler, for those interested in implementing
		programs with asynchronous AmigaDos file I/O.
		Author: Phillip Lindsay

ConsoleWindow	Example program for finding the intuition pointer to an
		AmigaDos CON: or RAW: window, so you can do WindowToFront,
		graphics, and other interesting things.
		(Requires AmigaDos 1.2)
		Author: Andy Finkel and Robert Burns

DirUtil		Nice little program to wander around directory tree
		using a windowing interface and performing various
		operations on files.
		Author: Chris Nicotra, enhancements by Dave Jobusch

DirUtil2	Another variant of dirutil.
		Author: Chris Nicotra, enhancements by Ed Alford

FileRequester	A very nice file requester module for lattice C programs,
		along with a demo driver program.
		Author: Charlie Heath

MacView		Allows viewing of standard MacPaint picture files in
		either Amiga low resolution (320 x 200) or high
		resolution (640 x 400).  Executable, sample pictures,
		and icons (version on disk 32 did not include pictures).
		Author: Scott Evernden
		
Plop		Short, simple, no-frills IFF reader program, and
		a sample picture made using a ray tracing algorithm.
		Author: Jim Kent

PopCLI		Provides a simple way of starting another CLI at any
		time without having to load workbench or exit whatever
		program you may be using.  Also has a builtin screen
		saver mode that automatically blanks the Amiga console
		screen when there has been no input for a specified
		period of time.
		Author: John Toebes

QuickCopy	Three versions of quickcopy, a nice little full disk
		copier.  Two of the versions are capable of making 
		backup copies of "protected" Electronic Art's disks.
		Author: Dave Devenport

ScrollPf	Creates and displays a 400 by 300 by 2 bit plane
		playfield on top of a 320 by 200, 2 plane deep
		playfield, as a demo of dual playfield display.
		Author: Carolyn Scheppner

SendPacket	General purpose subroutine to send AmigaDos packets.
		Author: Phillip Lindsay

SpriteMaker	Program which lets you paint sprites and then converts
		the image into a C data structure to be used in programs.
		Allows interactive testing of the sprite as a pointer.
		Suggested shareware donation of $15 for source code and
		updates.
		Author: Ray Larson

Tracker		Program which converts a boot-load disk (I.E. a kickstart
		disk) into a group of files for electronic transmission
		and reassembly.  Completely preserves the original disk
		structure so the target disk will be an exact duplicate
		of the original.
		Author: Brad (Lord Bradford) Wilson

TriClops	Very nice graphics oriented 3-D space invasion game.
		This was previously a commercial product which is
		being released into the public domain for promotional
		purposes (they are working on a multiuser, multimachine
		version).
		Author: Unknown, published by Geodesic Publications

Tsize		A simple utility to print directory tree sizes.  Displays
		the total size of all files and subdirectories within a
		given directory.
		Author: Edmund Burnette

UnIfdef		Useful program for removing ifdef'ed sections from a file
		while otherwise leaving the file alone.  Allows one source
		to be used as a porting base for many machines, without
		shipping the entire source to every source customer.
		(Preprocess for their machine and send them only the
		source for their specific machine).
		Author: Dave Yost

Vttest		Program to test compatibility of vt100-compatible 
		terminals and terminal emulators.  Requires the
		resources of a Unix system to test an Amiga hosted
		vt100 emulator.  (I haven't yet found one that even
		comes close to passing this test!).
		Author: Per Lindberg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0036
---------------------

Acp		A copy program with filename expansion and argument
		interpretation like the unix cp.
		Author: Fred Cassirer

Clock		Updated version of the clock program released on disk
		number 15.  Adds seconds display, free memory display,
		and faster updates.
		Author: Mike Meyer

Csh		Csh like alternative to the CLI, with changes to
		compile under Manx with 16-bit ints.  Has alias,
		builtin functions like "dir" for speed, history,
		named variables, command re-execution with substitution,
		etc.  Version 2.01A.
		Author: Matt Dillon

DietAid		Diet planning aid to allow the user to compile lists
		of ingredients (recipes) and automatically compute
		calorie totals, etc.  This is a shareware program
		($10 suggested) that was submitted by the author
		for inclusion in the library.
		Author: Terry Gintz

Echo		An improved echo command with options to control
		color, screen placement of text, etc.
		Author: Larry Phillips

FixHunk		A program to modify executable files to allow them to
		run in external memory.  It forces all DATA and BSS hunks
		in the file to be loaded into CHIP memory.  CODE hunks will
		still load into FAST ram if available.  Version 1.2a.
		Author: D.J. James

Fm		File mapper program.  Uses trackdisk device to grab
		sectors and traverse the filesystem to find out what
		sectors a particular file occupies.
		Author: Leo Schwab

KickBench	Instructions and programs for creating and using a
		combined KickStart and WorkBench disk, so only one
		disk is need to reboot.  Allows the system to reboot
		unattended after a power failure.  Requires disked from
		developer's disk.
		Author: Alonzo Gariepy

Lex		A program (not to be confused with the Unix lex program
		which is a lexical analyzer generator) which computes
		various readability metrics for text files.  Computes
		Gunning-Fog, Flesh, and Kincaid indices.
		Author: Jeff Sullivan

TunnelVision	Another fine ABasiC game from David Addison.  This is 
		a maze game with a 3-D perspective view from inside the
		maze.
		Author: David Addison

Vc		Visicalc-like spreadsheet calculator program.
		Author:  James Gosling, Amiga port by Peter Hardie

Vt100		Version 2.2 of Dave's vt100 emulator program including
		Xmodem and Kermit file transfer protocols.
		Author: Dave Wecker

YaBoing		A game program demonstrating hardware sprite usage,
		including collision detection.
		Author: Ali Ozer, based on original by Leo Schwab

CONTENTS OF DISK 0037
---------------------

It is port of Timothy Budd's Little Smalltalk system, done by Bill
Kinnersley at Washington State University.

The disk is unchanged except for the following:

	(1)	I have added this file, README.list37.

	(2)	I have added the standard distribution info file,
		README.dist.

	(3)	In order to make room for the above two files (the
		disk only had 2 free blocks) I filtered all the text
		files in the sources, docs, and examples directories
		through a program to remove extraneous CR (^M) characters
		from the end of each line.  This also makes the files
		conform to standard Amiga and Unix line delimiter 
		conventions.  I hope this didn't break anything else
		in the process...

	(4)	I have added the file sources/Makefile to help people
		who want to recompile the sources.  It uses my cc 
		frontend.  I was able to compile and link an executable
		that was almost the same size as the one Bill provided
		(100 bytes smaller) using Manx 3.20B in 16-bit int mode,
		but it aborted immediately with an error message, so
		beware.

-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0038
---------------------

CSquared	Implementation of Circle Squared algorthm from Sept '86
		Scientific American "Computer Recreations" column.
		Produces wildly colorful but mathematically precise
		patterns.
		Author:  Bill DuPree

FixObj		Strip extraneous garbage off the end of object files
		transfered with xmodem.  Does not require preknowledge
		of actual file length, uses knowledge of Amiga file
		structure.  Version 1.1 (update to copy on disk #10).
		Author:  John Hodgson

Handler		An example that implements an AmigaDos Handler (device)
		in non-BCPL format.
		Author:  Phillip Lindsay

Hp-10c		Program that mimics an HP-10c (Hewlett Packard calculator),
		written in TDI Modula2.
		Author:  Duncan Prindle

IffDump		Two programs for manipulating IFF files.  IFFENCODE grabs
		an active screen and writes it to a file in IFF format.
		IFFDUMP decodes information in arbitrary IFF files and
		prints it in a human readable form.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Jsh		A simple command line interpreter drawing on features from
		the BSD C shell.
		Author:  Jim Kent

NewStat		Replacement program for the AmigaDOS STATUS command.  Prints
		task number, priority, address of process, command line 
		being executed, current directory, etc.
		Author:  James Synge

Reversi		Program to play reversi game.  Version 6.1.
		Author:  Manuel Almudevar

UUdecode	Programs to encode/decode binary files for transmittal
		via mail, or other text-only methods.  Binary file is
		expanded by approximately 35% for transmittal.
		Author:  Mark Horton

Vdraw		Drawing program, based on freedraw, but now transformed
		and enhanced beyond recognition.  This is version 1.14.
		This shareware program (suggested $15 donation) was
		submitted by the author for inclusion in the library.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

VoiceFiler	Voice filer program for Yamaha DX series synthesizers.
		Voices are transfered to and from the Amiga over MIDI.
		Author:  Jack Deckard

Window		Sample program which shows how to create a DOS window
		in a custom screen.
		Author:  Andy Finkel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0039
---------------------

AnsiEcho	Some commands written in assembler.  Includes an
		echo command, touch, list, cls (clear screen), and ask
		(wait for user input).
		Author:  Dewi Williams

Display		Graphics display program to display HAM images from a
		ray tracing program.  Includes some really spectacular
		pictures.
		Author:  Dave Wecker

Driver		Demo device driver in source.  Functions as a RAM disk
		for demonstration purposes.
		Author:  Lee Erickson

Xlisp		Small lisp type interpreter, binary only (source to
		older version was on disk #18).  Version 1.7.
		Author:  Dave Betz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0040
---------------------

Note that many of the programs on this disk are shareware/freeware.
This means that if you find them useful, you are morally obligated
to send a small donation to the author to help support his efforts and
fund further development.  I hope that by including them in this
library I have furthered the author's goals of widest possible
distribution and thus maximum return.  Also note (for those that
like to split hairs) that I am distributing this disk as a "freebee".
To receive a copy, just request it when ordering any other disks from
the library.

Ahost		Amiga terminal emulator featuring ANSI terminal emulation,
		file transfer with CompuServe's B-Protocol, Kermit, and
		Xmodem, user definable function keys, script language,
		RLE graphics and a special conference mode for use
		with CIS.   Version 0.9.
		Author:  Steve Wilhite & George Jones

AmigaMonitor	Dynamically display the state of the machine, including
		open files, active tasks, resources, device states, 
		interrupts, libraries, ports, etc.  Display window into
		memory.  Version 0.21.  Suggested $15 donation.
		Author:  Jim Voris

Arc		The ubiquitous compressing archiver program that
		has become the de facto standard for distributing
		binaries and multi-file postings on most BBS's.
		This is Amiga version 0.16, a port of arc version v5.0.
		Suggested $35-$50 donation.
		Author:  System Enhancement Associates
			 Amiga version by Raymond Brand

AreaCode	Program which decodes area codes into state and locality.
		Version 1.5.
		Author:  Bill Beogelein

Blink		A linker written as a replacement for Alink.  Fully
		Alink compatible and supports many additional options
		not found in Alink.  Also is much faster than Alink
		and produces smaller executable files.  Version 6.5.
		Author:  Combined efforts of the Software Distillery

Cosmo		An "asteriods" clone.  Suggested $6 donation.
		Author:  John Harris

Dg210		Data General D-210 Terminal emulator.  Suggested $12 
		donation.
		Author:  Steve Lenz

DirUtil		Nice little program to wander around directory tree using
		a windowing interface and performing various operations
		on files.  Version 1.4.
		Author:  Chris Nicotra, enhancements by Dave Jobusch

DOSHelper	Windowing program to print help information about various
		dos commands.  Version 1.60.  Suggested $10 donation.
		Author:  John Youells

PagePrint	Prints text files with date/time header, page breaks, and
		line numbers.  Suggested $10 donation.
		Author:  Phil Mercurio

PopCLI		Provides a simple way of starting another CLI at any
		time without having to load workbench or exit whatever
		program you may be using.  Also has a builtin screen
		saver mode that automatically blanks the Amiga console
		screen when there has been no input for a specified
		period of time.  Version II, which now includes source.
		Author: John Toebes

SpriteEd	Lets you simultaneously edit two sprite pairs to form
		a double wide sprite image.  Suggested $10 donation.
		Author:  Scott Lamb

X-Spell		A spelling checker to proofread text files and then allow
		you to move through the document, deciding what to do with
		the misspelled words.  Suggested $15 donation.
		Author:  Hayes Haugen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0041
---------------------

AmigaVenture	A program which allows you to write your own Infocom-style
		adventure programs in AmigaBasic.  It is a full-featured
		adventure parser, including direct and indirect objects,
		multiple object processing, adjectives, automatic
		ambiguity resolution, and subordinate clauses.  The
		parser includes support for one, two, or three-word verbs,
		and a full set of object-manipulation primitives.
		Author:  Mitsuharu Hadeishi

Csh		Version 2.03 of Matt's Csh-like shell.  Executable only.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Dbug		Macro based C debugging package.  Machine independent.
		Provides function trace, selective printing of internal 
		state information, and more.  First released on disk #2.
		This version includes some bug fixes and enhancements.
		Author:  Fred Fish
		
DualPlayField	An example of using a dual-playfield screen, using a
		method contrary to documentation in the Intuition
		Manual.
		Author:  Jim Mackraz

GetFile		A very nice file name requester.  Unlike the earlier
		version on disk #35, this version includes source code.
		Author:  Charlie Heath

LatticeXref	A cross reference listing of all symbols defined in the
		Lattice 3.10 header files.  Sorted alphabetically by
		symbol string, includes file name and line number of all
		references and/or definitions.
		Author:  Fred Fish

Lines		A line drawing demo program, reminiscent of the "sparks"
		program on disk #9.
		Author:  Paul Jatkowski

SetFont		A program to change the font used in a workbench screen.
		Includes several sample fonts of various sizes.
		Author:  Michael McInerny

Vt100		Version 2.3 of the ever popular vt100 terminal program.
		Includes xmodem and kermit file transfer protocols.
		Author:  Dave Wecker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0042
---------------------

To quote the "Read Me First" file:

	This diskette contains the Amiga version of MicroGNUEmacs (MG),
	a small but powerful text editor that runs on many other computer
	systems besides the Amiga.  One of MG's major goals is to be
	compatible with its cousin GNU Emacs, so certain features you
	may have seen in other versions of MicroEmacs may work differently
	here, or not exist.  Hopefully, you'll find the added features MG
	provides to be worth the trouble it takes to make the switch. 

From the "Read Me Second" file:

	This is the fourth Beta distribution of MicroGnuEmacs.  Beyond the
	work of Dave Conroy, author of the original public domain v30, this
	contains the efforts of:

	mwm@ucbopal.berkeley.edu	Mike Meyer
	mic@ngp.utexas.edu		Mic Kaczmarczik
	blarson@usc-oberon.arpa		Bob Larson
	rtech!daveb@sun.com		Dave Brower

A very nice job guys!  Congratulations.

This disk is essentially unchanged except that I have added the usual
README.dist and README.list files, along with changing the volume name
to AmigaLibDisk42.  The original volume name was "MG 1a".

CONTENTS OF DISK 0043
---------------------

BasicBoing	An AmigaBasic program which shows animation by page
		flipping.  Precalculates all views of a rotating 3
		dimensional cube and then cycles through them rapidly
		for animation.
		Author:  Arthur Blume

Bbm		Demo copy of B.E.S.T. Software's Business Management
		System.  It is a full implementation with file sizes
		reduced for demo purposes.
		Author:  Business Electronics Software & Technology Inc.

BbsList		A list of Bulletin Board Systems which support the
		Amiga.  The list was compiled from a list on Delphi,
		Compuserve, bathroom walls, etc.
		Author:  Dick Sheffold

Cc		C compiler frontends for Manx and Lattice C, developed
		independently by Jay Ts.  These automatically filter off
		the annoying banner messages from various passes of
		the compilers.
		Author:  Jay Ts

Copper		A copper list disassembler.  Dumps the contents of a
		hardware copper instruction list.
		Author:  Scott Evernden

InstIFF		A program which converts sampled sound files from the
		Instruments dealer demo disks to IFF sampled sound files
		in a FORM 8SVX.
		Author:  Bobby Deen

PopColours	Lets you change the Red/Green/Blue components of any
		color register, on any screen currently in the system.
		Uses a movable window with slider gadgets.  Very well
		done.  Version 1.0, November 1986.
		Author:  Chris Zamara and Nick Sullivan

SpriteClock	A very simple clock that uses a sprite as it's display
		medium, thus allowing it to be displayed on top of all
		other screens.  Includes source in assembly language.
		Author:  Darrel Schneider

STEmulator	Turns your Amiga into an Atari ST (sort of).  Be sure
		to read the README file for the true story...
		Author:  David Addison

WBrun		A program designed to allow any program to be invoked from
		CLI yet behave as if it were invoked from Workbench.
		Workbench need not be loaded, thus saving the memory that
		Workbench would normally use.
		Author:  John Toebes

Wild		Two versions of Unix shell style wildcard matching routines.
		Author:  Rich Salz and Fred Fish

CONTENTS OF DISK 0044
---------------------

Icons		Some miscellaneous icons for your viewing pleasure.
		Author:  Unknown

NewIFF		Some new iff material dealing with sampled voice
		and music iff files.
		Author:  Posted to usenet by Carolyn Scheppner

RayTracePics	Ray tracing pictures, some of which appeared on disk
		number 39, but now in IFF HAM format for MUCH faster
		loading and compatibility with existing IFF tools.
		Author:  Dave Wecker

ViewILBM	Reads an ILBM file and displays as a screen/window
		until closed.  Handles normal and HAM ILBM's.
		Author:  Based on ShowILBM, enhanced by Carolyn Scheppner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0045
---------------------

Clue		Clue board game.  Nice.
		Author:  Greg Pryor

Make		Another version of make that seems to be more complete
		than many other PD makes.
		Author:  Unknown, downloaded from the Software Distillery

Pictures	Miscellaneous pictures selected from dozens of pictures
		that have come my way since the last full art disk.
		Author:  Rich Payne, Grace Rohlfs, and others.

Update		Used to update an older working disk with files from a
		newly released disk.  Files on the older disk that are
		out of date will be upgraded with files from the new disk.
		Author:  Unknown, downloaded from Software Distillery

WhereIs		Program which searches a disk for the first or multiple
		occurances of a file with a given name.
		Author:  Steve Poling

CONTENTS OF DISK 0046
---------------------

Asm		A shareware macro assembler, submitted by the author.
		Asm is a 68010 macro assembler that is compatible with
		the assembler described in the AmigaDOS manual.
		Author:  Douglas Leavitt

CheckModem	A program which provides for executing other programs
		from your startup file, if and only if there is actually
		a modem connected to the serial port.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Egad		A gadget editor from the Programmers Network.  Very
		nicely done and very useful.
		Author:  John Draper, Ray Larson, Brent Southard, and
			 Dave Milligan

Jive		A filter program which transforms its standard input
		to "jive" on its standard output.
		Author:  Unknown

My.lib		A binary only copy of Matt's alternate runtime library.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

ProffMacros	Subset implementations of the Berkeley "ms" and System V
		"mm" macro packages, for the proff program.
		Author:  Tony Andrews and George Walker

ValSpeak	A filter program which transforms its standard input
		to "valspeak" on its standard output.
		Author:  Unknown

CONTENTS OF DISK 0047
---------------------

3D-Arm		The first stage of a larger project to study goal
		directed animation of articulated objects (objects
		which can move with various degrees of freedom but are
		constrained by attachment to other links within the
		object).  This program demonstrates goal directed
		animation with a simulated 3-dimensional robot arm.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Bob Laughlin

Juggler		Stunning animation of a robot juggler with ray
		traced reflective spheres.  Uses HAM mode display
		and sound effects to boot!
		Author:  Eric Graham

Vt100		Version 2.4 of Dave's vt100 terminal emulator.
		Includes xmodem and kermit file transfer protocols.
		Author:  Dave Wecker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0048
---------------------

Bru		Alpha 1 version of a hard disk and/or file archiver
		written for Unix.  This is a vanilla port, with very
		little Amiga smarts, but it is usable.  This is also
		the last freely redistributable version.
		Author:  Fred Fish

Comm		A vt100 like terminal emulator with built in support
		for key functions and a phone number database.
		Version 1.30.
		Author:  DJ James

Csh2.04		Version 2.04 of Matt's csh-like shell.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Csh2.04M	Version 2.04 of Matt's csh-like shell, heavily modified
		for Manx C.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Manx version by Steve Drew

Diskperf	A disk benchmark program which runs on both Unix and the
		Amiga.
		Author:  Rick Spanbauer

Du		Computes disk usage of a file or directory (including
		subdirectories).  Very handy.
		Author:  Joe Mueller

MemWatch	Memwatch is a program intended to sit in the background
		and watch for random trashing of low memory by an
		application under development.  If it detects a write
		to low memory, it repairs it to what used to be there,
		then puts up a requester indicating what damage had been
		done.  Very useful!
		Author:  John Toebes

Profiler	A realtime execution profiler for Manx 3.30E.  Using this
		you can identify what sections of your program are using
		the most time, or being executed the most, and optimize
		as appropriate.  I was able to double the speed of some
		programs by using this tool.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

CONTENTS OF DISK 0049
---------------------

Cycloids	An updated version of the hypocycloids (electronic
		spirograph) program first released on disk number 27.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

DirUtil		An enhanced version of the dirutil from disk number 35.
		Dirutil is a program to wander around a directory tree
		and perform various operations on files.  See README file
		for list of new features.
		Author:  Chris Nicotra, enhancements by Johan Widen

Multidef	A program to scan a collection of object and library
		files and identify multiply defined symbols.  This is
		useful to locate subtle problems where user defined
		symbols override library symbols.
		Author: Paul Jatkowski

MyUpdate	A disk update utility that also provides support for
		automatically stripping comments from C header files
		and for interactive verification on a per file basis.
		Author:  Joe Mueller

Plot		Program to compute and plot 3 dimensional functions.
		Includes hi-res interlace mode for maximum detail.
		Author:  Unknown; Amiga version by Terry Gintz

Polygon		A moire type pattern generator but with color cycling.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

QMouse		A program to query the status of the left mouse button
		and return a status code.  The return code can be used
		as a WARN condition in a CLI execute file to alter 
		execution.  Also includes a separate program to toggle
		interlace on and off.  Both are written in assembler and
		are very small.
		Author:  Robert Rethemeyer

Touch		A simple command to set the date of a file to the
		current date.  Uses new supported method of setting
		a file datestamp (rather than reading and writing
		back a byte).
		Author:  Phil Lindsay and Andy Finkel

Trees		Another "tree growing" program, similar to the one
		on disk number 31, but more extensive.
		Author:  Unknown; Amiga version by Terry Gintz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0050
---------------------

Note that many of the programs on this disk are shareware/freeware.
This means that if you find them useful, you are morally obligated
to send a small donation to the author to help support his efforts and
fund further development.  I hope that by including them in this
library I have furthered the author's goals of widest possible
distribution and thus maximum return.  Also note (for those that
like to split hairs) that I am distributing this disk as a "freebee".
To receive a copy, just request it when ordering any other disks from
the library.

Asm		A shareware macro assembler, submitted by the author.
		Asm is a 68010 macro assembler that is compatible with
		the assembler described in the AmigaDOS manual.  This is
		version 1.1, an update to the version on disk number 46,
		and includes bug fixes, additional standard Motorola
		mnemonics and a simple startup code module.
		Author:  Douglas Leavitt

BreakOut	A 3-D game.  Requires 3-D glasses.
		Author:  Tim Kemp

DiskZap		Program to "edit" a disk, sector by sector.  Version 1.1.
		Author:  Paris Bingham Jr.

FirstSiliCon	A smart input line interpreter that provides a separate
		command window with full editing and recall of previous
		commands.  Actual name is "Sili(Con:)".
		Author:  Pete Goodeve

Missile		A nice "missile defense" game.  Written 100% in
		assembler (source available from author) and is very fast!
		Author:  Glen Merriman

PerfectSound	PerfectSound demo, with a sound editor and sample sound
		files.  Looks very nice.
		Author:  Anthony Wood

Sizzlers	Graphics demo programs.
		Author:  Greg Epley

UnixArc		A version of arc suitable for Unix System V.
		Author:  System Enhancement Associates

Wombat		Yet another terminal emulation program.  Version 3.01.
		Has user settable cursor, programmable function keys,
		vt-102 emulation, auto-dialing, loadable settings files,
		and more.
		Author:  Dave Warker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0051
---------------------

Bison		A replacement for unix "yacc" command.  This is from
		the GNU (GNU is Not Unix) effort, and was obtained
		from the Free Software Foundation.  This is a working
		update to the version on disk number 4, provided by
		Johan Widen.
		Author: Bob Corbett and Richard Stallman

Compress	This is an update to the compress version released
		on disk number 6.  It is tested and seems to work
		well except for a couple glitches noticed at the
		last minute (see the README file). Compress reduces the
		size of the named files using adaptive Lempel-Ziv coding.
		The amount of compression obtained depends on the size of
		the input, the number of bits per code, and the distribution
		of common substrings.  Typically, text such as source code
		or English is reduced by 50-60%.  Compression is generally
		much better then that achieved by Huffman coding
		(as used in "pack") or adaptive Huffman coding
		(as used in "compact"), and takes less time to compute.
		Author: Thomas Spencer, with improvements by others

Cos		A "Wheel Of Fortune" style game in AmigaBasic.
		Author:  Steve Michel

DifSsed		Dif produces a difference file which lists the
		line by line differences between any two text files.
		These differences can be fed to ssed (a stream type
		editor), along with the original text file, to remotely
		reproduce the other (new) file.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chuck Forsberg, Amiga port by Rich Schaeffer

Sq.Usq		Portable versions of the CPM sq and usq utilities.
		Author:  R. Greenlaw, many changes by Bill Swan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0052
---------------------

Assign		Replacement for AmigaDOS assign command, written in C.
		Author:  Charles McManis

Fractal		A fractal program which produces a random square
		fractal terrain.
		Author:  John Olsen

HAMpoly		A polygon drawing demo which uses HAM mode to produce
		polygons of any of the possible 4096 colors.
		Author:  John Olsen

MxGads		Demonstrates how to make mutual exclusion of boolean
		gadgets work, even if they contain GadgetText.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

Poly		A polygon drawing demo using the AreaMove, AreaDraw, and
		AreaEnd functions.
		Author:  John Olsen

Tek4010		A Tek 4010 emulator.
		Author:  Terry Whelan, with changes by Steve Poling

Vdraw1.16	Shareware drawing program submitted by the author.
		This version uses menus but includes some items not
		in version 1.19, also on this disk.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

Vdraw1.19	Latest version of Vdraw, with a completely new iconic
		user interface, and some other new features including
		a color palette mixer and DPaint style brushes, extended
		cutting features, area locking, and a flexible printing
		interface.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0053
---------------------

Animations	Some animations made with Aegis Animator.  Includes
		a player program.
		Author:  Aegis Development

ARCre		Creates rename scripts so that files with long names can
		be easily archived and dearchived correctly by "arc".
		Author:  John Hoffman

Arp		Some preliminary programs from a program started on BIX
		by Charlie Heath to replace all the BCPL AmigaDOS programs
		with assembly equivalents.  Includes "break", "cd", "chmod",
		"echo", "filenote", and "makedir".
		Author:  Charlie Heath and Scott Ballantyne

Compiler	An optimizing C compiler for the 68000.  Has successfully
		compiled itself on a 68000 based Unix system V machine,
		but has yet to be fully ported to the Amiga.  It will
		currently produce assembly output for simple C routines
		on the Amiga, but needs lots of work to be really useful
		as anything other than a learning tool for budding compiler
		guru's.
		Author:  Matthew Brandt

SpreadSheet	A simple "Visicalc-like" spread sheet calculator.  Also
		known as "vc" but there is currently a debate about whether
		or not that name is a registered trademark.  The version
		on disk number 36 was based on an earlier version of the
		same source.  This release also includes source code.
		Author: James Gosling, Mark Weiser, and Bob Bond
			Amiga port by Dave Wecker

TarSplit	A port of the OS/9 program that extracts files from
		Unix tar archives.
		Author:  James Jones.  Amiga version by Mike Meyer.

UUencode	Programs to encode/decode binary files for transmittal
		via mail or other text-only methods.  The binary file
		is expanded by approximately 35% for transmittal.  This
		release is an update to the version on disk number 38,
		and includes a simple line-by-line checksum technique that
		can read and write files compatible with the older
		uuencode/uudecode.
		Author:  Mark Horton with mods by Alan Rosenthal

CONTENTS OF DISK 0054
---------------------

Hanoi		Classical demo program for recursion.  Solves the
		towers of hanoi problem in a workbench window of
		its own.
		Author:  Ali Ozer

ISpell		A quick and dirty port of a Unix version of a freely
		distributable screen oriented, interactive, spelling checker.
		I use the Unix version daily and it is very nice.
		You will need expansion ram to run this with the
		supplied dictionary, as it loads the entire 300K
		hashed dictionary into memory.  A hard disk is
		also recommended.
		Author:  Pace Willisson

Ing		The next step in the "boing wars".  Turns a nice screen
		full of little windows into a screen of lots of bouncing
		little windows.  Cute!
		Author:  Leo 'Bols Ewhac' Schwab

Lav		A "title bar type" program that displays the number of
		tasks in the Amiga's run queue, averaged over the
		last minute, 5 minutes, and 15 minutes.  Presumably
		inspired by, and named after, the BSD "load average"
		program.
		Author:  William Rucklidge

MidiTools	Simple programs to play and record through the MIDI I/F.
		Untested (I have no MIDI hardware).
		Author:  Fred Cassirer

MoreRows	A program to make the workbench screen larger than normal.
		The number of additional rows and columns are set via command
		line arguments.
		Author:  Neil Katin and Jim Mackraz

Tilt		Another of Leo's cute little toys.  This one
		makes your Amiga look like it didn't pass Commodore's
		vibration testing.
		Author:  Leo 'Bols Ewhac' Schwab

CONTENTS OF DISK 0055
---------------------

Csh		Version 2.05 of Matt Dillon's csh like shell, modified
		for Manx C.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Manx'ified by Steve Drew

NewStartups	A couple of new C startup modules. AStartup.asm is
		the source to AStartup.obj, with 1.2 fixes and better
		quote handling.  TWStartup.asm is like AStartup.asm but
		opens a stdio window, using a user supplied window 
		specification, when executed from workbench.
		Author:  Commodore, posted to BIX by Carolyn Scheppner

Palette		A tool which allows you to change another program's
		custom screen colors.  Based on Charlie Heath's
		palette program from disk number 1.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

PipeDevice	A working 'pipe:' device, which allows the standard output
		of one process to be fed to the standard input of another
		process, with both processes running concurrently.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

ScreenSave	A program to save a normal or HAM mode screen as an
		IFF file.  Also creates an icon for the saved file.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

ShangaiDemo	Demo version of the Activision game "Shanghai".
		Submitted directly by Activision for inclusion in
		the library.

SoundExample	A double buffered sound example for Manx C using 16-bit
		ints, small code, and small data.
		Author:  Jim Goodnow

Vsprites	A working vsprite example.
		Author:  Eric Cotton

Vt100		Version 2.6 of Dave's vt100 terminal emulator with
		kermit and xmodem file transfer.  It just keeps getting
		better and better...
		Author:  Dave Wecker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0056
---------------------

ClipBoard	Clipboard device interface routines to provide a standard
		interface, such as Open, Close, Post, Read, Write, etc.
		Author:  Andy Finkel

ConPackets	Demos the use of DOS packets, finding the Window pointer
		and ConUnit pointer of the CLI window, toggling Raw mode,
		getting cursor position and limits from the ConUnit, and
		ESC-sequence cursor positioning.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

GetDisks	Sample program to find all available disk device names and
		return them as a simple exec list.  The list is made of named
		nodes, with the name being the device name.
		Author:  Phillip Lindsay

GetVolume	Sample program to get the volume name of the volume that
		a given file resides on.  Works on any device, even the
		RAM: device.
		Author:  Chuck McManis

Icon2C		Reads an icon file and writes out a fragment of C code
		with the icon data structures, for inclusion in a
		larger program.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

MergeMem	Program which attempts to merge the MemList entries
		of sequentially configured ram boards.  When successful,
		allows allocating a section of memory which spans
		board boundries.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

mCAD		An object-oriented drawing program, version 1.1.
		Uses a small set of graphics primitives (like "line",
		"box", and "text") and a small set of editing functions
		(like "move", "size", and "rotate").  While drawing and
		editing, the user can call on other functions to
		modify the display; to zoom in, slide around, superimpose
		a grid, etc.  This shareware program was submitted by
		the author.
		Author:  Tim Mooney

CONTENTS OF DISK 0057
---------------------

This disk was removed from the library due to copyright problems. Replaced
by disk number 97.

-Fred Fish

CONTENTS OF DISK 0058
---------------------

ASDG-rrd	Extremely useful shareware recoverable ram disk.
		This AmigaDOS device driver implements a completely
		DOS compatible disk device in memory that survives
		resets, guru's, and crashes.  An absolute must for
		those with lots of ram.  Binary only.
		Author:  Perry Kivolowitz, ASDG Inc.

BigView		Displays any IFF picture, independent of the physical
		display size, using hardware scroll.  Default display 
		size is 320 by 200 in lo-res; HIRES or LACE attributes
		added if user width/height exceeds low resolution
		boundaries.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Hodgson

EGraph		Egraph reads pairs of x and y values from a list of files
		and draws a formatted graph.  Supports four unique curve
		fonts; solid curves, dashed curves, dotted curves, and long
		dashed curves.  The maximum number of data points is 
		unlimited.  Has globs of options.  Binary only.
		Author:  Laurence Turner

HyperBase	Nice little shareware database management system.
		Version 1.5.  Binary only, source available from authors.
		Author:  Michael MacKenzie, Marc Mengel, and Craig Norborg

MemClear	Walks through the free memory lists, zeroing free memory
		along the way, and coalescing memchunks that have contiguous
		address spaces.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Hodgson

NewZAP		A third-generation multi-purpose file sector editing utility,
		from the author of FileZAP.  Displays and edits full 512-byte
		sectors via a 106 character wide internal font.  Includes
		a search feature to find specific strings or hex digits, 
		forwards or backwards.  Version 3.0, includes source.
		Author:  John Hodgson

RainBow		Marauder-style rainbow generator.  Installs a user copper
		list such that the background color is changed every few
		scan lines.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Hodgson

SmusPlayers	Two SMUS players, to play SMUS IFF music formatted files.
		Executables only.
		Author:  John Hodgson

View		A tiny ILBM viewer, for use with either the CLI or WorkBench.
		Includes source.
		Author:  John Hodgson

WBdump		JX-80 optimized workbench printer that does not use DumpRPort.
		Much more efficient than the Amiga JX-80 driver for full
		screen dumps.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Hodgson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0059
---------------------

Browser		Another version of the browser program released on
		disks number 18 and number 34.  Includes some bug
		fixes and enhancements.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Meyer, enhancements by Mark Schretlen

Browser2	This browser type program is apparently not based on
		the original Mike Meyer version.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dan Green

Clock		Another clock program, comes in several flavors
		depending upon features desired, which include
		using alternate fonts, using alternate colors, setting
		the time, etc.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mark Waggoner

Dme		Version 1.22 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple WYSIWYG
		editor designed for programmers.  It is not a WYSIWYG 
		word processor in the traditional sense.  Features include
		arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line statistics
		multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

DropCloth	Dropcloth replaces the standard blank WorkBench backdrop
		with a pattern, of setable intensity.  Binary only.
		Author:  Eric Lavitsky and Perry Kivolowitz

DropShadow	A program that makes your WorkBench windows have
		dropshadows.  Neat.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jim Mackraz

FixWB		A program similar to "DropCloth" (also on this disk),
		but not fully working yet.  At least this one is provided
		in source, so you get your choice of a working one in
		binary or a nonworking one in source.  Sigh.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

mCAD		An object-oriented drawing program, version 1.2.2.
		Uses a small set of graphics primitives (like "line",
		"box", and "text") and a small set of editing functions
		(like "move", "size", and "rotate").  While drawing and
		editing, the user can call on other functions to
		modify the display; to zoom in, slide around, superimpose
		a grid, etc.  This shareware program was submitted by
		the author.  Many improvements over the version 
		released on disk number 56.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tim Mooney

Robotroff	Another of Leo's cute little display hacks.  This one
		has a definite attraction to pointers (don't want to
		spoil the surprise).
		Author:  Leo Schwab

Supermort	A general compounding/amortization routine, using the
		intuition environment, which can be used for mortgage/loan
		computations.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mark Schretlen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0060
---------------------

Note that many of the programs on this disk are shareware/freeware.
This means that if you find them useful, you are morally obligated
to send a small donation to the author to help support his efforts and
fund further development.  I hope that by including them in this
library I have furthered the author's goals of widest possible
distribution and thus maximum return.  Also note (for those that
like to split hairs) that I am distributing this disk as a "freebee".
To receive a copy, just request it when ordering any other disks from
the library.

Blitz		Blitz is a small program that is designed to be loaded
		into memory and that sits in the background until activated
		by its hotkey.  It allows you to view a text file, much
		like a TYPE command, only that it lets you move forwards
		and backwards through the file.  Its screen updates are
		blitz'n.  Binary only.
		Author:  Hayes Haugen

BlitzFonts	Blitzfonts makes text output up to 6 times faster,
		transparently to well behaved programs.  It is also
		very small and written 100% in assembly for maximum
		speed.  Binary only.
		Author:  Hayes Haugen

HandShake	Handshake is a full featured VT52/VT100/VT102 terminal
		emulator.  The author has taken great pains to support
		the full VT102 spec.  This is version 1.20a, binary only.
		Author:  Eric Haberfellner

Med		Yet another Amiga text editor.  This one lets you edit up
		to 36 files simultaneously and makes extensive use of
		the mouse.  This is version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Francois Rouaix

PrtDrvGen	Program to automatically generate custom printer drivers.
		Version 1.1, binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Joergen Thomsen

Show		A nice, very small slideshow type program, version 2.1,
		binary only.
		Author:  Andry Rachmat

Uedit		Version 2.0 of this nice shareware editor.  Has learn
		mode, a command language, menu customization, and other
		user configurability and customizability features.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

Ueturbo		Example of extensive customization of Uedit to set up
		a nice development environment.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tom Althoff

CONTENTS OF DISK 0061
---------------------

ATPatch		A program which reportedly will patch the Amiga Transformer
		for operation under Workbench 1.2 (I don't have one so
		couldn't test it).  Includes source.
		Author:  Philip Staub

FillDisk	Disksalv has been known to find some rather interesting
		things in the free blocks of some production disks
		from companies that should know better.  This little
		hack makes sure you don't get caught in the same trap,
		by scribbling the disk's free blocks in a totally safe
		manner.  Includes source (all 20 lines of it).
		Author:  Fred Fish

LPatch		Patch for programs, such as 'Atom', with bad 1.0 Lstartup
		code, which abort during startup under 1.2 with 00038007
		alert (can't open dos library).  Includes source.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

MicroEmacs	Version 3.8b of Daniel Lawrence's variant of Dave
		Conroy's microemacs.  This version is greatly enhanced
		over the last version, distributed on disk number 22.
		For example, there is now a full extension language and 
		support for a larger number of 68000 machines.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Dave Conroy, MANY enhancements by Daniel Lawrence

PearlFont	A font similar to Topaz, but with smoothed out edges
		and more rounded characters.
		Author:  Michael Portuesi

Terrain		Program which demonstrates generation of good looking
		pseudo-random scenery.  Includes source in Draco.
		Author:  Chris Gray

VSprites	Vsprite example from Rob's book "Programmers' Guide To
		The Amiga".  Produces 28 VSprites onscreen simultaneously,
		using only three distinct sets of colors.  Includes source.
		Author:  Rob Peck

CONTENTS OF DISK 0062
---------------------

This disk contains a port of the popular UNIX game "Hack", done by
John Toebes and the crew at the Software Distillery.  This is version
1.0.3D.  The disk is unchanged except for the following:

	(1)	I have added this file, README.list62.

	(2)	I have added the standard distribution info file,
		README.dist.

	(3)	I have copied all the files to a freshly formatted
		disk, to create the master distribution disk, using
		a command of the form "copy df0: to df1: all".  This
		insures that disk fragmentation is kept to a minimum,
		but also has the unfortunate side-effect that all
		the file dates are changed.

Note that this disk must be named "Hack_Game".  I have elected to keep
that name, rather than using the usual "AmigaLibDiskXX" convention for
disks in my library, to avoid requiring users to rename the disk before
using it.

-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0063
---------------------

This disk contains a port of the popular UNIX game "Larn", done by
Edmund Burnette and the crew at the Software Distillery.  This is version
12.0B.  The disk is unchanged except for the following:

	(1)	I have added this file, README.list63.

	(2)	I have added the standard distribution info file,
		README.dist.

	(3)	I have copied all the files to a freshly formatted
		disk, to create the master distribution disk, using
		a command of the form "copy df0: to df1: all".  This
		insures that disk fragmentation is kept to a minimum,
		but also has the unfortunate side-effect that all
		the file dates are changed.

Note that this disk must be named "Larn".  I have elected to keep
that name, rather than using the usual "AmigaLibDiskXX" convention for
disks in my library, to avoid requiring users to rename the disk before
using it.

Also note that, as distributed, this disk is only about 40% full.  Normally
I try to fill my library disks to about 90-95% full, but these "packaged"
disks are special.

-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0064
---------------------

This is a copy of the Amiga Developer's IFF disk, received directly from
Commodore-Amiga sources, with permission to place in the library and
redistribute.  It is an update to disk number 16, and is unchanged except
for:

	1)	The volume name has been changed to AmigaLibDisk64.
	2)	This file (README.list64) has been added.

I didn't have room for my standard README.dist file.  There were only
4 free blocks on the disk when I got it!

Enjoy
-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0065
---------------------

Bawk		Text processor inspired by the Unix awk utility.  Bawk
		searches files for specific patterns and performs
		actions for every occurance of these patterns.  The
		patterns can be regular expressions.  The actions are
		expressed using a subset of the C language.  Unfortunately
		this version always gets a stack overflow no matter what
		the stack is set to, I haven't had a chance to find the
		bug.  Includes source, so you can hunt for it.  Looks
		like it could be a very useful utility for the Amiga.
		Author:  Bob Brodt

CloseWB		Simple program for use with MWB (also on this disk)
		to close a current WorkBench screen, and let you
		open WorkBench on a custom screen.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Cookie		Fortune cookie program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Richard Stevens

JTime		Detailed instructions, including schematics in IFF
		format, for building and installing a battery backed
		up real-time clock.  The clock goes on the joystick
		port (aka mouse port 2).
		Author:  Michael Keryan

MenuBuilder	A program which automates the process of building
		menus.  It takes a simple text file and generates
		a C source file with all the needed structures for 
		linking with the rest of your program.  This is
		version 1.0, and includes source.
		Author:  A. Preston

MWB		A program which will create a new 'WorkBench' screen
		and route by request OpenWindow calls meant for the
		WorkBench to these new screens.  This allows you to run
		programs which normally open windows on the WorkBench
		screen to use a custom screen instead.  Version 1.01,
		includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

NewPackets	Tutorial downloaded from BIX C-A support section, which
		describes some new packets and structures in 1.2 AmigaDos.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

PascalToC	A Pascal to C translator program which is supposed to
		correctly handle function, procedure, and most type
		declarations.  However, this quick and dirty port didn't
		fare too well on even a simple little Pascal fragment from
		Software Tools in Pascal.  I don't know if the problem is
		machine dependencies in the code or bugs.  Looks like it
		could be useful with a little more work than I have time
		to put into it now.  Includes source.
		Author:  James Mullens, enhancements by Dan Kegel

Prep		Version 2.1 of a Fortran preprocessor called 'prep', an
		alternative to ratfor.  Prep has better macro facilities,
		a concise shorthand for array and vector statements, all the
		standard flow control constructs of forth, and is written
		in generic, portable C (I made no source changes).  
		Includes source.
		Author:  Roger Ove

RunBack		A program that allows you to start another program which
		is independent of the CLI window.  This is useful to start
		programs from your Startup-Sequence, load WorkBench, and
		then close the initial CLI (which could not be closed
		otherwise).
		Author:  Charlie Heath, Microsmiths

SunMouse	Makes your mouse behave like the Sun Microsystem
		Sunwindows mouse.  You no longer have to 'click' in
		a window to make it active.  Just move the mouse pointer
		into the window and start typing.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Scott Evernden

CONTENTS OF DISK 0066
---------------------

AmScsi		Preliminary documentation for a hardware project to
		build a SCSI controller board.  The design does not
		support DMA or AUTOCONFIG'ing.
		Author:  Rich Frantz

Asm68k		Full featured macro assembler, version 1.0.1, binary
		only.  Well documented.
		Author:  W. Wesley Howe

Assigned	Same code showing how to find out whether or not a
		name has been assigned (via the dos ASSIGN command)
		before using it, thus avoiding the DOS Insert-Disk
		requester.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dan Green

Dk		A little display hack, inspired by Leo's gems.  Written
		in Modula-2, includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Handel

Flip		Seems like Leo's gems have inspired lots of people.  This
		one is quite cute also.  Written in assembler, includes
		source.
		Author:  Mike Berro

Foogol		Just what you've been waiting for, a foogol cross
		compiler for your Amiga that generates VAX assembly
		code.  Now you can port all those Amiga foogol programs
		to your VAX!  Seriously, foogol-IV is a tiny Algol like
		language and this is a compiler for it.  Includes source.
		Author:  Per Lindberg

Free		Free returns the available free bytes on any storage
		device that AmigaDos sees as a drive.  A list of up to
		six drives is kept by the program and may be cleared or
		added to at any time by the user.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tom Smythe

MallocTest	A malloc/free test program that allocates and frees
		randomly sized pieces of memory with random lifetimes,
		and fills them with patterns that can be checked for
		corruption.  Useful for beating on your vendor supplied
		memory management routines, or possibly as a poorman's
		memory test program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Neil Webber

Melt		Another display hack from the master himself...
		Includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

Nart		Another display hack from the master himself...
		Includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

Purty		Provides an easy way to change some common printer
		settings via a small window with several gadgets.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Charles Tyson

RayTracer	A simple ray tracing program.  It is capable of depicting
		up to 150 balls and a plane that is covered with a tiling
		of any bitmapped picture.  Binary only and sparce
		documentation.
		Author:  Friedrich Knauss, Steve Williams, Jim Horn and
			 Mark Reichert

SendPackets	Updated versions of the ASendPacket and SendPacket
		examples from disk number 35.  ASendPacket is an example
		program for sending multiple packets asynchronously
		to a dos handler, for those interested in implementing
		programs with asynchronous AmigaDos file I/O.
		SendPacket is a general purpose subroutine to send
		AmigaDos packets.  Includes source.
		Author: Phillip Lindsay

SnapShot	A small utility for dumping screens.  This one works
		like POPCLI and stays dormant until you press Ctrl-Esc.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Francois Rouaix

TagBBS		Version 1.02 of a shareware BBS system.  Suggested
		shareware donation is $25.  Binary only.
		Author:  Patrick Hughes

CONTENTS OF DISK 0067
---------------------

AmCat		Shareware disk cataloging program.  Suggested donation
		of $20.  Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Conrad

AmigaSpell	Very nice intuition oriented shareware spelling checker,
		version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Berro

Bouncer		A 3-D simulation of a bouncing ball written in
		Creative Solutions' Multi-Forth, with source included.
		Author:  Jon Bryan

Comm		Another nice terminal program.  Version 1.33, binary only.
		Author:  DJ James

Dux5		Latest version of directory utility which is a descendant
		of the original dirutil program by Chris Nicotra.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Enhancements and fixes by lots of people

HexCalc		Nice little hex/oct/dec/bin calculator and converter.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Scott Ross

Icons		A collection of some icons for general purpose programs
		and some particular programs.  The "documentation"
		icon is particularly cute.
		Author:  Jeff White

Mandala		A mandala graphic program with sound, sort of Eastern
		music.  Binary only.
		Author:  Unknown

PersMait	Demo version of shareware personal/personnel file manager.
		Includes list processing, capability to run mailing labels,
		mail merge output feature, and more.  Demo version is
		binary only and limited to input mode.  Suggested donation
		of $24 for the "real" version.
		Author:  Breen and Associates

RSLClock	Yet another nice little clock utility that can sit
		around in your title bar.  Lots of options.  Version 1.3,
		binary only.
		Author:  Roy Laufer

RTCubes		A little graphics demo that shows 16 3D cubes in a 3D
		space, all being translated, rotated, and drawn on the
		screen in real time.  Binary only, takes over the machine,
		reboot to recover.
		Author:  Ralph Russell

Wheel		Nice little "Wheel of Fortune" type game, written in
		AmigaBasic.
		Author:  Hari Wiguna

CONTENTS OF DISK 0068
---------------------

To quote the "Read Me" file:

	This diskette contains the latest Amiga version of MicroGNUEmacs
	(MG 1b), a small but powerful text editor that also runs on many
	other computer systems besides the Amiga. 

	One of MG's major goals is to be compatible with its "cousin"
	GNU Emacs, so certain features you may have seen in other
	versions of MicroEmacs may work differently here, or not exist.
	Hopefully, you'll find the added features MG provides to be
	worth the trouble it takes to make the switch. 

	As well as the commands available on *all* systems MG supports,
	Amiga MG has many Amiga-specific features: the Amiga mouse (with
	24 different functions!), Intuition pull-down menus, the Browser
	(a very nice way to select files), Amiga function keys, a
	full-screen editing window, and support for using a different
	text font in the editing window. 

MicroGNUEmacs is based on the original work of Dave Conroy, author of the
public domain v30 version.  It has been greatly enhanced through the
efforts of the following people:

	mwm@ucbopal.berkeley.edu	Mike Meyer
	mic@ngp.utexas.edu		Mic Kaczmarczik
	blarson@usc-eclb.arpa		Bob Larson
	rtech!daveb@sun.com		Dave Brower	(previous version)

The current version is known to run on the following systems:

	4.2 & 4.3 BSD Unix, Sun 3.2
	Ultrix-32 (BSD Unix)
	OS9/68k
	VMS
	Amiga
	System V
	Eunice
	Primos
	Cpm/68k
	Atari ST

A very nice job guys!  Congratulations.

This disk is essentially unchanged except that I have added the usual
README.dist and README.list files, along with changing the volume name
to AmigaLibDisk68.  The original volume name was "MG1b".

CONTENTS OF DISK 0069
---------------------

Asm68k		Full featured macro assembler, version 1.0.3, binary
		only.  Well documented.
		Author:  W. Wesley Howe

BlitLab		Blitlab is a program which lets you experiment with
		the blitter, to your hearts content, in relative safety.
		It opens a workbench window with gadgets for all the 
		registers of the blitter, and allows you to manipulate
		individual registers and perform blits on a magnified
		bitmap.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

Conman		A replacement console handler that provides line editing
		and command line history.  Is completely transparent to
		any application program that uses CON: windows.  Programs
		that use RAW: input are not affected.  VERY useful.
		Shareware version 0.9, binary only (source to be available 
		from author).
		Author:  William Hawes

Console		Console is a try at a new set of routines to get around some
		of the problems with the standard system routines, and 
		includes some simple graphics routines.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Cooper

Dk		A little display hack, inspired by Leo's gems.  Written
		in Modula-2, includes source.  Slightly newer than version
		on disk number 66.
		Author:  Thomas Handel

Frags		Reports the number of free blocks of size 2^(n-1) to
		(2^n)-1 for n up to 24 (blocks of max size 16Mb-1).
		Translation:  Gives you some idea of how fragmented
		your free memory is.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Meyer

IconType	Change the type of an icon after editing with IconEd.
		Types are Disk, Drawer, Tool, Project, Garbage, and Device.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Larry Phillips

Make		Public domain make from mod.sources, Volume 7, number 91.
		It has been cleaned up, Manx'ified, and some new features
		added, by Steve Walton.  Includes source.
		Author:  "caret@fairlight.OZ"

MonProc		A simple program to allow you to monitor any process for
		packet activity.  Includes source.
		Author:  Phillip Lindsay

MouseClock	Turns your mouse pointer into a digital clock with
		updates once per minute.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Hoffman

Sb		Structure browser, that displays system structures
		via pointers found in other structures.  You start
		from IntuitionBase and go from there.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Nick Sullivan and Chris Zamara

Spew		Program which generates amusing 'National Enquirer'
		type headlines.  Works from a 'rules file' which
		describes how the headlines are to be constructed.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Gregory Smith (original by "mark@pixar")

Spool		The SPOOL system consists of 3 programs: A queue manager,
		a printer driver, and a SPOOL request program.  The SPOOL
		system demonstrates the power of the Amiga's mutitasking
		abilities in a very practical way.  It makes extensive use
		of Amiga Exec's message passing facilities and list-handling
		primitives.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Tim Holloway

Wc		A "word count" program, ala Unix's wc, that is faster
		because it doesn't count what you don't ask for, plus
		some other improvements.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Summit

CONTENTS OF DISK 0070
---------------------

Note that many of the programs on this disk are shareware/freeware.
This means that if you find them useful, you are morally obligated
to send a small donation to the author to help support his efforts and
fund further development.  I hope that by including them in this
library I have furthered the author's goals of widest possible
distribution and thus maximum return.  Also note (for those that
like to split hairs) that I am distributing this disk as a "freebee".
To receive a copy, just request it when ordering any other disks from
the library.

AmigaMonitor	Dynamically display the state of the machine, including
		open files, active tasks, resources, device states, 
		interrupts, libraries, ports, etc.  Display window into
		memory.  Version 1.13, binary only (source available
		from author).  Author suggests $15 donation.
		Author:  Jim Voris

Arc		The ubiquitous compressing archiver program that
		has become the de facto standard for distributing
		binaries and multi-file postings on most BBS's.
		This is Amiga version 0.23, a port of arc version v5.0,
		binary only.  Author suggests $35-$50 donation.
		Author:  System Enhancement Associates
			 Amiga version by Raymond Brand

BlackBook	Keeps track of those important phone numbers and addresses.
		Shareware, author suggests $30 donation.
		Author:  Craig Nelson

DoTil		Lists, in alphabetical order, all files on any two directories,
		showing file size, creation date/time, and amount of free
		disk space.  Also copies, renames, or deletes files and/or
		directories, and moves files from one directory to another.
		Version 2.0, shareware, author suggests $15 donation.
		Author:  Dan Franki

GravityWars	The object of this game is for one player to hit the
		other player's ship with a missle, before being hit
		yourself.  The ships and planets don't move, but
		aiming the missle in the presence of gravity fields
		and black holes makes hitting your target difficult.
		Version 1.03, shareware, author suggests $5 donation.
		Author:  Ed Bartz

Jobs		A alternate user interface to WorkBench or CLI.  Version
		2.1, binary only.
		Author:  John Sawaya

Lens		This program magnifies a small area surrounding the pointer
		and displays it in a separate window.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Ned Konz

Life-3d		A 3d version of the classic cellular-automaton game.
		Shareware, author suggests $20 donation.  Version 1.2,
		binary only.
		Author:  Bob Benedict

Logo		A logo interpreter, with user interface like the Apple II
		logo.  Shareware, author suggests $5 donation.
		Author:  Gerald Owens

SetKey		Keymap editor, version 1.0 demo.   Version without save
		function disabled is $25.  Binary only.
		Author:  Charles Carter (CodeWorks)

Vpg		Video Pattern Generator.  Creates displays useful for
		adjusting monitors and setting up live shots with
		center crosshair, frame, dots, H lines, V lines and
		an adjustable rectangle.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  Mike Berro

CONTENTS OF DISK 0071
---------------------

AirFoil		Airfoil generator utilizing the Joukowski transformation.
		Generates airfoil models as well as their corresponding
		streamline and pressure distributions.  Includes source.
		Author:  Russell Leighton

AmiBas		Some miscellaneous AmigaBASIC programs, including
		a 3D plot program, a caleidoscope, a C-A logo drawing
		program, a file comparison utility, a string search
		program, etc.  Includes source.
		Author:  Peter Kittel

Blocks		A variation of "lines", but with variable color blocks.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Gary Walker

Comm		Another nice terminal program.  Version 1.34, binary only.
		Author:  DJ James

DiskX		A handy utility for poking around in the guts of an
		AmigaDOS file system.  Binary only, but source available
		from author.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

Fpic		Fpic is an image processing program, designed specifically 
		to be used in conjunction with digitized (Digi-View) lo-res
		black & white IFF picture files.  Provides several filters,
		including average, binary (threshold), clipblit, cross, 
		Sobel, Roberts, pixelize, sharpen, and a user defined
		matrix.  Also supports merging of two images, histogram,
		image compare, and remapping.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bob Bush

IconMk		Iconmaker builds icons for files that were created without
		them.  Version 1.2a, binary only.
		Author:  Eric Levy

Icons		Various new Icons from several sources.
		Author:  Several

NewFonts	Two new fonts; shalt18, an electronic ciruit element
		font, and ibm5, a PC like font, different from that
		for Sidecar.
		Author:  Peter Kittel

PetCLI		An AmigaBASIC program that allows editing in CLI command
		lines (similar to the PET and MYCLI).  Includes source.
		Author:  Peter Kittel

PWDemo		Demo version 1.2 of the commercial product PowerWindows.
		PowerWindows aids in creation of custom windows, menus,
		and gadgets.  It will write C or assembly source implementing
		these, for linking with your programs.  Binary only.
		Author:  Inovatronics Inc.

Rot		Program which generates and displays 3D objects.  Consists
		of two pieces, an object editor and an action editor.
		The object editor creates 3D objects and the action
		editor defines up to 24 3D views of an object (which
		can be quickly cycled to get an animation effect).
		Version 0.5, binary only.
		Author:  C. French

TimeSet		Handy little utility to set the system time from the
		workbench environment, without resorting to preferences.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Unknown  (DEH?)

CONTENTS OF DISK 0072
---------------------

It's been quite a while since the last disk with any pictures, so
this one is just chock full of them.  There are HAM pictures, high
resolution B&W digitized pictures, and some interesting freehand
drawings.  Has a little of everything...

CONTENTS OF DISK 0073
---------------------

Add		Lets you create keyboard shortcuts for selection of menu
		items in programs where the author did not make provisions
		for such shortcuts, or chose ones that disagree with you.
		Also includes "until" which waits for a specific named
		window to be created.  Shareware, includes source.
		Author:  John Russell

AutoIconOpen	Example code to fool WorkBench into thinking it is receiving
		mouse inputs that select and open icons.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tony Wills

Dio		A module which makes it very easy to use EXEC devices,
		such as the 'serial.device'.  It's generic and can be
		used with any EXEC device.  It allows you to easily open
		libraries, get multiple IO channels for a device,
		read, write, do asyncronous operations, etc.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Dissolve	A program like ViewILBM, but the image slowly coalesces
		as pixels are added in random patterns.  Inspired by an
		article in Nov 86 issue of Doctor Dobb's Journal by 
		Mike Morton.  Includes source.
		Author:  Lee Robertson

DTerm		Small, flexible, terminal program with intelligent data
		mapping, intelligent keyboard mapping, dynamic menus,
		intelligent command language, asyncronous IO, duplex
		control, and a state machine structure allowing you
		to build any automatic control structure you wish
		(from auto-redial, sequence dialing, to auto-logon).
		Version 1.10, binary only.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Expose		Program which will automatically cause all screen
		drag bars and screen depth-arrangers to become exposed.
		Sends a message to windows which obscure the screen drag
		bars, asking them to move down a pixel, and also
		to become smaller if necessary.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Russell

Lit		Lit filters a file to stdout, showing all characters
		in an unambiguous format.  Printable characters are 
		printed as is, non-printable characters are printed
		in any of three representation formats.  Version 2.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Donald Irving

Lmv		This shareware program, submitted by the author, is
		called "Long Movie".  It loads up to 100 IFF graphics
		files and displays them in forward or reverse order,
		at up to 19 frames per second, to create computer
		animations for VCR recording.  Binary only, source
		available from author.
		Author:  Jim Webster

MouseOff	Mouseoff will cause the mouse pointer to disappear and
		then reappear if mouse movement is detected.  It will
		disappear again after 10 seconds of no mousing around.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Denny Jenkins

ParOut		An example that uses the parallel port resources
		(ciaa.resource and misc.resource) to access the parallel
		port directly.  Compiled, but untested, since I have
		nothing hooked to mine.  Includes source.
		Author:  Phillip Lindsay

PenPalFont	A font which will make your six year old feel right
		at home in a CLI window.  Cute.
		Author:  Burton Ogden

RunBackGround	Ancient history, but when I went looking for it on
		my disks, it was apparently something I missed.  This
		program performs a function similar to that performed
		by RunBack on disk number 66, but this one is in
		C rather than assembler.  Includes source.
		Author:  Rob Peck

SnapShot	A small utility for dumping screens.  This one works
		like POPCLI and stays dormant until you press Ctrl-Esc.
		Previous release on disk number 66 did not with with
		expansion ram, this one does.  Binary only.
		Author:  Francois Rouaix

TypeAndTell	Example program that demonstrates installation of
		an input device handler before the Intuition one.
		This example traps all keys typed by the user and
		pronounces them in real time.  To quit press CNTL
		LEFT-SHIFT LEFT-ALT RIGHT-AMIGA simultaneously.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Giorgio Galeotti

Xplor		A program that scans all the system lists that start in
		ExecBase and prints out their names and addresses at
		which they start.  Includes assembly source.
		Author:  Larry Phillips

CONTENTS OF DISK 0074
---------------------

Cled		A simple command line editor which allows you to edit
		your commands before and after they are processed.
		Uses the arrow keys and simple control sequence keystrokes
		for cursor positioning and editing tasks.  Version 1.3,
		binary only.
		Author:  Pat Empleo

Control		Program which provides finer control over the printer
		device.  When it sees a DUMPRPORT, it fires up a requestor
		and lets you play with the values being passed in the
		IORequest block.  Includes source.
		Author:  Andy Finkel

Dme		Version 1.25 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple WYSIWYG
		editor designed for programmers.  It is not a WYSIWYG 
		word processor in the traditional sense.  Features include
		arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line statistics
		multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.  Update
		to version on disk number 59.  Binary only.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

DropShadow	A program that makes your WorkBench windows have
		dropshadows.  Update to version on disk number 59, this
		one has slider gadgets to adjust the 3-dimensional
		distance between window planes and the shadow darkness.
		Neat, version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jim Mackraz

Funds		AmigaBASIC program to track the prices of mutual funds or
		stocks.  Includes source.
		Author:  Bill Strack

Less		Like Unix "more", only better, with forward and
		backward scrolling, searching and positioning by
		percent of file and line number, etc.  Very useful!
		This is Amiga version 1.1, an update to the version
		on disk number 34.  Includes source.
		Author: Mark Nudelman, Amiga port by Bob Leivian

Makemake	Reads C source files and constructs a vanilla makefile
		in the current directory.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tim McGrath

mCAD		An object-oriented drawing program, version 1.2.4.
		Uses a small set of graphics primitives (like "line",
		"box", and "text") and a small set of editing functions
		(like "move", "size", and "rotate").  While drawing and
		editing, the user can call on other functions to modify
		the display; to zoom in, slide around, superimpose a grid,
		etc.  Update to version on disk number 59.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Tim Mooney

Random		Simple random number generator in C.  Includes source.
		Author:  Gene Toole (?)

TDebug		Monitor a device by intercepting the EXEC SendIO and DoIO
		vectors.  This will give you most of the IO request
		information for any device.  Version 1.00, includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Units		Units conversion program, including a chart option which
		allows you to create charts of conversions.  Nifty.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Gregory Simpson

XCopy		A replacement for the AmigaDOS copy command.  Preserves
		the file date, provides an "update only" option, and
		uses Unix type wildcards.  Binary only.
		Author:  Lee Robertson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0075
---------------------

Bezier		Simple programs to allow you to fool around with Bezier
		curves, using the mouse to move the points that define
		the curve and a prop gadget to change the granularity of
		the curve generation loop.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

BSplines	Simple program to fool around with B-SPLINES, ala the
		Bezier programs described above.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Comm		Source release for comm version 1.34.  Last release
		on disk number 71 was binary only.

Copy		A replacement for the AmigaDOS copy program that
		is upwardly compatible, plus includes some new
		features like date preservation.  Version 1.0, 
		includes source.
		Author:  Jeff Lydiatt

Diff		A simple version of diff.  Includes source.
		Author:  Erik Baalbergen

DuM2		A version of the ever popular directory utility (dirutil)
		but this one is written in Modula 2 and includes source.
		Dirutil is a program to wander around a directory tree
		and perform various operations on files.  Version 1.5.
		Author:  Greg Browne

Eless		A faster directory lister, that also sorts entries
		and displays directories in the current cursor color
		(ala the Manx "ls" program).  Includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

Fd		A modified version of Leo's "eless" that processes
		an entire track at a time, to minimize rereading of
		blocks.  Includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab, enhancements by Stephen Vermeulen

HardCopy	A neat little program that creates a hardcopy transcript
		of any CLI session (like the unix "script" program).
		Includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

MouseOff	Enhanced and smaller version of MouseOff released on
		disk number 73.  MouseOff will cause the mouse pointer
		to disappear and then reappear if mouse movement is
		detected.  Includes source.
		Author:  Denny Jenkins, reworked by Tom Smythe

SetFont		Program to change the font used by a workbench screen.
		Version 2.0, source included.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

SpeedDir	Another faster directory lister type program.  This
		one uses the standard dir utility format for displaying
		directories.  Written in assembler, includes source.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0076
---------------------

This is disk 1 of 2 of Chris Gray's Draco distribution for the Amiga.
The disk is unchanged except for the following:

	(1)	I have added this file, README.list76.

	(2)	I have added the standard distribution info file,
		README.dist.

Note that this disk was named "Draco SYS".  I have elected to keep
that name, rather than using the usual "AmigaLibDiskXX" convention for
disks in my library, to avoid requiring users to rename the disk before
using it.

Also note that, as distributed, this disk is only about 65% full.  Normally
I try to fill my library disks to about 90-95% full, but these "packaged"
disks are special.

-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0077
---------------------

This is disk 2 of 2 of Chris Gray's Draco distribution for the Amiga.
The disk is unchanged except for the following:

	(1)	I have added this file, README.list77.

	(2)	I have added the standard distribution info file,
		README.dist.

Note that this disk was named "Draco Other".  I have elected to keep
that name, rather than using the usual "AmigaLibDiskXX" convention for
disks in my library, to avoid requiring users to rename the disk before
using it.

Also note that, as distributed, this disk is only about 80% full.  Normally
I try to fill my library disks to about 90-95% full, but these "packaged"
disks are special.

-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0078
---------------------

Cycles		A simple but enjoyable game apparently inspired by the
		cycle game in the movie "Tron".  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  John G. Gilmore

EOMS		Experts Only Mercenary Simulator.  A neat (and tough!)
		PD game that was originally developed for eventual
		commercial release but for various reasons the author
		decided to release as PD instead.  So far my son has
		beat every other Amiga game I've got, both PD and
		commercial, but he gave up on this one.  For serious
		game players.  Binary only.
		Author:  Daniel Cardenas

MandelVroom	A new Mandelbrot picture generator with some neat
		features, including use of contour map making techniques
		that allow you direct control over coloration and 
		recoloration in seconds, selectable fixed point or floating
		point computations, contour palette, picture presets, etc.
		Version 1.50, includes source.
		Author:  Kevin Clague

CONTENTS OF DISK 0079
---------------------

AsmTools	Some CLI type tools, written in assembler (echo,
		loadit, mounted, setlace, why).  Includes source.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

AssignDev	Assigns multiple names to a given device.  For example,
		allows the names "df0:" and "df3:" to refer to the
		same physical device.  Includes source.
		Author:  Phillip Lindsay

AuxHandler	Example of a dos handler that allows use of a CLI via
		the serial port.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Drew

Cmd		Cmd redirects the serial.device or parallel.device output
		to a file.  Useful for capturing print jobs for debugging
		or "offline" printing.  Includes source.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

Info		Replacement for the AmigaDOS info command.  Includes source.
		Author:  Chuck McManis

Kill		Removes a task and as much of its resources as possible.
		Can close windows, unload process code, etc.  Includes 
		source.
		Author:  George Musser

M2Error		M2error can be used to display compile errors produced by
		the TDI Modula-2 compiler, like the m2error supplied
		by TDI.  Includes source.
		Author:  Richie Bielak

MonProc		An enhanced version of the process packet monitoring
		program from disk number 69.  Includes source.
		Author:  Phillip Lindsay, enhancements by Davide Cervone

Mounted		A little program to run from CLI scripts to find out if
		a disk is mounted or not.  Includes source.
		Author:  Peter DaSilva

Nro		Another roff style text formatter.  Includes source.
		Author:  Unknown, posted to usenet by Alan Vymetalik

ParTask		Example program for finding the parent task of your current
		task.  Includes source.
		Author:  Andry Rachmat

QueryAny	Simple program for use in CLI scripts to query for yes/no
		decisions.  Includes assembler source.
		Author:  Mark Smith

ScnSizer	Sets the preferences data for increasing the window bounds,
		and takes effect immediately.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thad Floryan

SharedLib	Working example of how to build a shared library.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  James Synge

Task		Simple example of how to use CreateTask.  Includes source.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

Uw		Unix Windows client for the Amiga.  Version 1.00, includes 
		source.
		Author:  Michael McInerny

Who		Lists tasks on the ready and wait queues.  Includes source.
		Author:  George Musser

CONTENTS OF DISK 0080
---------------------

This disk was removed from the library due to copyright problems. Replaced
by disk number 90.

-Fred Fish

CONTENTS OF DISK 0081
---------------------

Asm68k		Full featured macro assembler, version 1.1.0, binary
		only.  Well documented.
		Author:  W. Wesley Howe

AutoFacc	Autofacc automatically shrinks the ASDG FACC window and
		moves it to the back.  Also allows the number of buffers
		to be increased or decreased.  Most useful from the
		Startup-Sequence file while booting.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andry Rachmat

Brushes		Contains 53 custom brushes for use in DPaint while drawing
		schematics.  Includes things like resistors, capacitors,
		gates, transistors, IC pacs, etc.
		Author:  Jim Lee

CheckIFF	Program to check the structure of IFF files and report
		any problems.  Binary only.
		Author:  Unknown

Cled		A simple command line editor which allows you to edit
		your commands before and after they are processed.
		Uses the arrow keys and simple control sequence keystrokes
		for cursor positioning and editing tasks.  Update to version
		on disk number 74, this is version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  Pat Empleo

Conman		Extremely useful replacement for the standard console
		handler, that provides line editing and command line
		histories completely transparent to any application program
		that uses CON: windows.  This program is shareware, and well
		worth a donation to the author.  Version 0.99B, binary only.
		Author:  William Hawes

Fonts		Several miscellaneous new fonts for your enjoyment.
		Author:  (Several)

Icon		Version 6.0 of the public domain implementation of Icon
		from the University of Arizona.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ralph Griswold, Cary Coutant, Steve Wampler, et al.
			 Amiga port by Scott Ballantyne

KeyLock		Freezes the keyboard and mouse until the correct password
		is typed.  Protection against inquisitive kids, cats, and
		other lifeforms.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andry Rachmat

Scat		Another display hack, created from Leo Schwab's "Ing"
		display hack.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Pietrowicz

Smush		Another display hack, feed it an iff file and see what
		happens.  Binary only.
		Author:  Hobie Orris

Target		A little program which takes over the mouse pointer and
		turns it into a gunsight.  Pressing the mouse button
		flashes the pointer and gives a gunshot.  Version 1.23,
		binary only.
		Author:  Matt Fruin and Michael McCarty

CONTENTS OF DISK 0082
---------------------

Adventure	A port of the classic Adventure game originally
		written by Will Crowther and Don Woods.  Has been
		extended to a 550 point version.  Also speaks as it
		prints (though I found this feature annoying).
		Minimum 512K recommended.  Binary only.
		Author:  David Platt, Ken Wellsch, Dave Haynie

AmicTerm	A new terminal/communications program based on
		Dan James' "comm" program, but greatly enhanced.
		Includes a script language, auto redialing, choice of
		display beep or audible beep, enhanced file requester,
		and more.  Version .50 (beta), binary only.
		Author:  David Salas and Albert Kirk

D2D-Demo	Demo version of Disk-2-Disk from Central Coast Software
		(submitted by George Chamberlin).  Binary only.
		Author:  Central Coast Software

DX-Synth	Voice filer program for Yamaha DX series synthesizers.
		Voices are transfered to and from the Amiga over MIDI.
		Update to "VoiceFiler" released on disk number 38.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jack Deckard

DiskMan		Another "disk browser and/or dirutil" type program.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Greg Cunningham

Icons		Miscellaneous new disk, directory, and file icons,
		including John Olsen's great "fishdisk" icon (thanks
		John!).  Binary only.
		Author:  Several

Panl		A universal midi patch panel that allows midi parameter info
		to be sent from the Amiga to any midi device that can accept
		param info.  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  David Weinbach

Rocket		Another interesting Workbench display hack.  This one
		is really a game in disguise.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter da Silva

Sand		This program has "magnetic grains of sand" that follow the
		pointer wherever it goes.  Cute.  Binary only.
		Author:  Eric Vaughan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0083
---------------------

This disk contains a demo version of TeX, ported to the Amiga by
Tomas Rokicki.  The disk is unchanged except for the following:

	(1)	I have added this file, README.list83, the standard
		distribution info file, README.dist, and associated
		icon files, plus "less" to read the text files.

	(2)	I have copied all the files to a freshly formatted
		disk, to create the master distribution disk, using
		xcopy, which preserves the file dates.  This insures
		that disk fragmentation is kept to a minimum.

	(3)	In order to make room for the files I have added, I
		have compressed the file TeX/inputs/amigatex.tex using
		a version of compress (compress.b13) that should run on
		any standard 512K amiga.  This version of compress is
		found in c/compress.b13.  To recover the original file,
		execute the commands:

		cd AmigaLibDisk83:TeX/inputs
		:c/compress.b13 <amigatex.tex.Z >ram:amigatex.tex -d

Since this is a demo version of Tom's commercial product, it has several
limitations that let you get the flavor of the real thing but encourage
you to buy the commercial version.  These limitations include TeX being
limited to processing only small files, the previewer being limited
to displaying ten pages or less, and only a small number of fonts being
provided.  The full version of AmigaTeX comes on eight floppies and will
handle larger documents than most mainframe versions of TeX.  See the
tex/README file for further info.

-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0084
---------------------

AudioTools	Demo programs from Rob Peck's article in the July/August
		issue of Amiga World on accessing the audio device.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Rob Peck

BlitLab		Blitlab is a program which lets you experiment with
		the blitter, to your hearts content, in relative safety.
		It opens a workbench window with gadgets for all the 
		registers of the blitter, and allows you to manipulate
		individual registers and perform blits on a magnified
		bitmap.  This is version 1.2, an update to the version
		released on disk number 69.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

Ed		An editor based on the editor described in the original
		Software Tools book.  It is very similar to the Unix
		"ed" editor, but not identical.  Includes source.
		Author:  Brian Beattie

GravityWars	The object of this game is for one player to hit the
		other player's ship with a missle, before being hit
		yourself.  The ships and planets don't move, but
		aiming the missle in the presence of gravity fields
		and black holes makes hitting your target difficult.
		Version 1.04, shareware, author suggests $5 donation.
		This is an update to the version on disk number 70, and
		includes source in Modula-2.
		Author:  Ed Bartz

HunkPad		Two programs to help reduce problems with padding
		added by xmodem transmission.
		Author:  J. Hamilton and Aaron Avery

PipeHandler	An AmigaDOS pipe device which supports OPEN, CLOSE, READ,
		WRITE, LOCK, EXAMINE, and EXNEXT.  Thus you can have
		"named pipes".  It also supports "taps" on a pipe, to
		capture all data flowing through the pipe. Version 1.2,
		includes source.
		Author:  Ed Puckett

PopCLI		Provides a simple way of starting another CLI at any
		time without having to load workbench or exit whatever
		program you may be using.  Also has a builtin screen
		saver mode that automatically blanks the Amiga console
		screen when there has been no input for a specified
		period of time.  Version III, an update to the version
		on disk number 40.  Includes source.
		Author: John Toebes

Requester	A file name requester that looks like the one used in
		Deluxe Paint, and a sample program for using the
		requester.  This is an update to the version released
		on disk number 34.  Includes source.
		Author: Kevin Clague, enhancements by Randy Finch

ScottDevice	A mountable MicroForge SCSI driver.  Supports one SCSI buss
		device with two hard disk units attached to it.  Version 
		33.1, includes source.
		Author:  Scott Turner

Viacom		Another of Leo's amusing little hacks.  Sort of a political
		statement regarding the quality of service of a certain
		San Francisco area cable TV service.  Includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

CONTENTS OF DISK 0085
---------------------

Csh		Version 2.06 of Matt Dillon's csh like shell, modified
		for Manx C.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Manx'ified by Steve Drew

FileReq		Another file requester, but this one also has a fast
		pattern matching capability.  Includes source.
		Author:  Peter da Silva

Hide		A small utility to allow you to run old or ill-written
		applications on systems with expansion ram.  When hide
		is running, all memory allocations take place in chip
		memory.  Somehow, something like this missed making it
		onto my earlier disks.  Binary only.
		Author:  Francois Rouaix

ImageTools	A set of shareware tools, submitted by the author, to
		do various manipulations on IFF images, including comparison
		of the color palettes of a pair of IFF images, filtering
		an IFF image in various ways, producing a color usage
		frequency chart for an IFF image, reducing the size of
		an IFF image to produce a miniature to use as an icon,
		converting an icon to an IFF image, and recoloring an IFF
		image using the palette of a second image, in a least
		squared error fashion.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

LowMem		Another fine freely redistributable product from ASDG.
		This one is a low memory server, which is a compact shared
		library which allows arbitrary processes to register their
		desire to be notified of impending memory shortages.  This
		allows good citizen programs to free up memory that they
		may not need, so other programs can use it.  Binary only.
		Author:  Perry Kivolowitz

Plot6		A star plotting program.  Short on documentation and
		user friendliness, but interesting nevertheless.
		Also includes source.
		Author:  Darrin West

RawIO		Example of how to set your standard input to what is
		commonly known as "raw" and/or "CBREAK" mode on Unix
		systems.  Includes source.
		Author:  Chuck McManis

Rocket		Another interesting Workbench display hack.  This one
		is really a game in disguise.  It is the same as the
		one on disk number 82, but also includes source.
		Author:  Peter da Silva

VMore		A shareware program, submitted by the author, that
		is a "more" like text file viewing utility that can
		be run on multiple files from either the WorkBench or
		the CLI.  Version 1.00, includes source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

Vnews		A simple news file reader, that will read all the news
		files in a specified directory, optionally starting with
		a specified file.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0086
---------------------

AutoPoint	Autopoint serves two functions:  it automatically
		selects the window underneath the mouse pointer and
		it provides a very nice screen saver facility.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jude Katsch

ClickToFront	ClickToFront extends the user-interface so that 
		a double-click into a window brings it to the front.
		Now as long as you can see any part of a window you can
		bring it to the front without having to hunt for the page
		gadgets.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

Cmd		Cmd redirects the serial.device or parallel.device output
		to a file.  Useful for capturing print jobs for debugging
		or "offline" printing.  Version 3, includes source.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

FileIISG-Demo	A demo version of Softwood File IIsg, a database manager
		with sound and graphics.  Also includes a database of
		of previously released disks in this library, courtesy
		of Stan Spence.  Binary only.
		Author:  Woody Williams and Donald Brady

CONTENTS OF DISK 0087
---------------------

AdvSys		An adventure writing system, as described in the May 1987
		issue of Byte magazine.  Advsys is a special purpose
		programming language that was specifically designed to
		be used to write computer text adventure games.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  David Betz

AutoIconOpen	Example code to fool WorkBench into thinking it is receiving
		mouse inputs that select and open icons.  This is version
		1.2, an update to the version on disk number 73.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Tony Wills

Claz		Converts IFF picture files to POSTSCRIPT.  Works with
		Amiga HAM pictures, as well as "normal" pictures.  Also
		includes scaling.  Version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Steve Ludtke

Commodities	Commodities Exchange, an Amiga exec library which can be
		opened and used by application programs to gain access to
		input in a very flexible way.  This is a "minimal, binary
		only" copy.  Source may be available on a future disk.
		Version 0.4.
		Author:  Jim Mackraz

Diff		A simple version of diff.  Update to version on disk 
		number 75, includes source.
		Author:  Erik Baalbergen

Dme		Version 1.27 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple WYSIWYG
		editor designed for programmers.  It is not a WYSIWYG 
		word processor in the traditional sense.  Features include
		arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line statistics
		multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.  Update
		to version on disk number 74.  Binary only.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

DropShadow	A program that makes your WorkBench windows have
		dropshadows.  This is version 2.0, the same as on disk
		number 74, but also includes source.
		Author:  Jim Mackraz

Elib		Example of building a shared library using small model
		Manx C.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Mackraz

ID-Handler	An AmigaDOS device handler, that generates unique
		identifiers.  Generates a new unique 16 digit decimal
		number each time it is opened by an application.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Ed Puckett

Install		Two possible replacement versions of the standard
		install program (to make a disk bootable).  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt and Scott Turner

MemWatch	Memwatch is a program intended to sit in the background
		and watch for random trashing of low memory by an
		application under development.  If it detects a write
		to low memory, it repairs it to what used to be there,
		then puts up a requester indicating what damage had been
		done.  Very useful!  Version II, includes source.
		Author:  John Toebes

MovePointer	Moves the pointer to any specified location on the screen,
		specified by X-Y coordinates.  Includes source.
		Author:  "Cewy"

MoveWindow	Move a named window to any arbitrary X-Y coordinate and
		possibly resize it at the same time.  Includes source.
		Author:  "Cewy"

MunchingSq	Leo's "Munching Squares" hack, now upgraded to take a
		single argument for a seed value.  Includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

PalTest		Example code of how to determine dynamically whether
		or not you are running on a PAL machine.  Includes source.
		Author:  Christof Bonnkirch

Sc		Program which demonstrates generation of good looking
		pseudo-random scenery.  Includes source in C (translated
		from Draco version on disk number 61).
		Author:  Chris Gray

Tek4695		A Tek4695 printer driver.  Binary only.
		Author:  Philip Staub

WBDualPF	An example of using a dual-playfield screen, using
		a method contrary to documentation in the Intuition
		Manual.  Fixed version of copy released on disk 
		number 41.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Mackraz

WarpText	Fast text rendering routines, to be linked with application
		programs.  Reported to be able to display text as fast,
		or faster than, "blitz".  Includes source.
		Author:  Bill Kelly

Yaiffr		Yet Another IFF Reader.  Handles HAM, HIRES, and overscan,
		includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

Zoo		A file archiver, much like "arc" in concept, but different
		in implementation and user interface details.  Includes
		some nice features that "arc" lacks (such as file/path
		names up to 255 characters in length).  Version 1.42A,
		binary only.
		Author:  Rahul Dhesi, Amiga port by Brian Waters

CONTENTS OF DISK 0088
---------------------

This disk was removed from the library due to copyright problems. Replaced
by disk number 89.

-Fred Fish

CONTENTS OF DISK 0089
---------------------

This disk replaces disk number 88, which was pulled from circulation
due to the redistribution status of files in the directory "snap".
If you encounter a disk number 88 in circulation, please advise all
parties concerned that the disk should be erased immediately.

AutoEnquirer	An example of a screen contraption that is like a
		requester except that it's not quite as demanding,
		goes where you want to put it, and remembers where
		it was put.  Includes source and Manx'ified version
		of Chris Gray's fractalish terrain generator as a demo.
		Author:  Howard Hull

DEMOlition	Another neat little display hack.  In the spirit of
		these things, ya gotta run it to find out what it
		does.  Includes source.
		Author:  Kriton Kyrimis

DirMaster	A very nicely done shareware disk cataloger, submitted
		by the author for inclusion in the library.  Includes
		sample database of some disk libraries.  Version 1.0a,
		binary only.
		Author:  Greg Peters

FuncKey		A shareware function key editor, submitted by the author
		for inclusion in the library.  Version 1.01, binary only
		(source available from author).
		Author:  Anson Mah

MFF-Demo	Demo copy of the MicroFiche Filer program from Software
		Visions Inc.  The MicroFiche File is a full-powered 
		database program for manipulation of text, numbers, and
		pictures.  It uses the microfiche metaphor for dealing
		with your data graphically.  This is a full production
		version except that the save option has been disabled.
		Includes a sample database of my disk library.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Gary Samad

Screenshift	Screenshift is a small program that allows you to adjust
		the position of the screen on your display, just like the
		preferences function.  Works from CLI or WorkBench.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Anson Mah

Snake		A variant on the old "bouncing lines" program, this
		on uses multiple vertices and Bezier splines.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  KABjorke

CONTENTS OF DISK 0090
---------------------

This disk replaces disk number 80, which was pulled from circulation
due to the redistribution status of files in the directory "tools".
If you encounter a disk number 80 in circulation, please advise all
parties concerned that the disk should be erased immediately.

Note that many of the programs on this disk are shareware/freeware.
This means that if you find them useful, you are morally obligated
to send a small donation to the author to help support his efforts and
fund further development.  I hope that by including them in this
library I have furthered the author's goals of widest possible
distribution and thus maximum return.  Also note (for those that
like to split hairs) that I am distributing this disk as a "freebee".
To receive a copy, just request it when ordering any other disks from
the library.

AmiGazer	Compute a view of the night sky, using a database of
		1573 stars, for any date, time of day, and latitude.
		Click on stars for info about them. Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

CardFile	Study aid card file program written in AmigaBasic.
		Useful for organizing small blocks of data, such as
		can be done with a 3X5 card file system.  Binary only.
		Author:  James Parks

Conman		Extremely useful replacement for the standard console
		handler, that provides line editing and command line
		histories completely transparent to any application program
		that uses CON: windows.  Version 0.98B, binary only.
		Author:  William Hawes

IMandelVroom	A slightly modified version of Kevin Clague's mandelbrot
		program (on disk number 78) that uses his "ring detector"
		to draw an approximation of the interior strange attractor
		contours.  Binary only (with patches for original source).
		Author:  Kevin Clague, enhancements by Howard Hull

NewDemos	Some new demos, including replacements for the standard
		"lines" and "boxes" demos, that use only a few percent
		of the CPU time, so it is reasonable to have lots of them
		running simultaneously to demo multitasking.  Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

Othello		Othello game, binary only.
		Author:  Matthew Bellew

PrinText	Program to display ASCII text files on the screen with
		scrollbar, arrow gadgets, automatic word-wrap, a search
		function, speech, IFF picture loading, and online help.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Opher Kahane

PrtDrvGen	Program to automatically generate custom printer drivers.
		Version 2.2b, binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Joergen Thomsen

RainBench	Simple program which cycles the hardware color register to
		get an interesting effect on your workbench screen.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Brendan Keliher

ShortCut	A utility that collects keystroke sequences and allows
		you to replace them with a single key stroke.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Opher Kahane

ShowPrint	A full-feature IFF picture file screen dump utility.
		Can display and print all sizes of pictures including
		those larger than the screen.  Allows adjustment of printer
		output in three modes: ASPECT, FULL, and CUSTOM output.
		Print vertically or horizonatally, in B&W, grey scale, or
		color, etc.  Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Conrad

Sizzlers	A series of graphics demo programs.  Version 1.7.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Greg Epley

SpaceAceDemo	Shareware shoot-em-up spaceship game.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stephen McLeod

Timer		Creates a small window containing a timer.  Version 1.5,
		binary only.
		Author:  Bill Beogelein

CONTENTS OF DISK 0091
---------------------

This disk contains a distribution of ADL (Adventure Definition Language).
ADL is a superset of an older language named DDL, by Michael Urban,
Chris Kostanick, Michael Stein, Bruce Adler, and Warren Usui.  ADL
enhancements were made by Ross Cunniff, who submitted this material
for inclusion in the library.  The disk is essentially unchanged except
that:

	(1)	Many icon files have been added to help workbench only
		users get at least some information about this disk
		and about ADL (which is only usable from the CLI 
		environment).

	(2)	The disk name has been changed to AmigaLibDisk91.

	(3)	The standard library files "GeneralInfo", "Contents",
		and "Distribution", along with their associated icons,
		have been added to the disk.

	(4)	The directory 'c' has been added, along with a very
		nice text reader program called "less", which is the
		default tool for reading all the text files for which
		there are icons.

Included here are the sources to the ADL compiler, interpreter, and
debugger.  The binaries were compiled by Ross with the Lattice 3.03
compiler.  Ross noted in his letter that currently ADL is a
CLI environment program only, but that he hopes to offer a more
Amiga'ized version in the future.  Also, the stack size should be
set to at least 10000 before attempting to run ADL.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0092
---------------------

As6502		Contains a portable 6502 assembler, including source
		in C.
		Author:  J. Van Ornum; Amiga port by Joel Swank

Bawk		Text processor inspired by the Unix awk utility.
		This is an update to the copy released on disk 65.
		Bawk searches files for specific patterns and performs
		actions for every occurance of these patterns.  The
		patterns can be regular expressions.  The actions are
		expressed using a subset of the C language.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Bob Brodt; Amiga port by Johan Widen

HunkPad		HunkPad pads an object file out to where it is exactly
		a multiple of 128 bytes, thus making it immune to having
		garbage appended on to the end of it by xmodem type
		file transfer protocols.  Version 2, includes source.
		Update to version released on disk 84.
		Author:  J. Hamilton

Less		Like Unix "more", only better, with forward and
		backward scrolling, searching and positioning by
		percent of file and line number, etc.  Very useful!
		This is Amiga version 1.2, an update to the version
		on disk number 74.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Nudelman, Amiga port by Bob Leivian

Ndir		Library that implements the 4BSD unix directory access
		routines (opendir, closedir, readdir, etc).  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Mike Meyer

Parse		A recursive descent expression parser that parses 
		expressions, computes the expression value, and prints
		it.  Includes support for some built in transcendental 
		functions.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  John Olsen

Shar		Two programs to pack and unpack shell archives on the
		Amiga.  Shell archives are the traditional Usenet
		method of bundling multiple text files for posting
		as a unit or for sending via electronic mail.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Fabbian G. Dufoe

SmallLib	A replacement for amiga.lib that is about 8 times smaller.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

UUencode	Programs to encode/decode binary files for transmittal
		via mail or other text-only methods.  The binary file
		is expanded by approximately 35% for transmittal.  This
		release is an update to the version on disk number 53,
		and includes a simple line-by-line checksum technique that
		can read and write files compatible with the older
		uuencode/uudecode, plus a file size test modification that
		is transparent to older uudecodes.
		Author:  Mark Horton with mods by Alan Rosenthal and 
			 Bryce Nesbitt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0093
---------------------

Dme		Version 1.27 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple WYSIWYG
		editor designed for programmers.  It is not a WYSIWYG 
		word processor in the traditional sense.  Features include
		arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line statistics
		multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.  Update
		to version on disk number 87 (which was binary only).  This
		release also includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

MicroEmacs	Version 3.8i of Daniel Lawrence's variant of Dave
		Conroy's microemacs.  This is an update to the version
		released on disk 61.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Conroy, MANY enhancements by Daniel Lawrence

CONTENTS OF DISK 0094
---------------------

AudioTools	Demo programs from Rob Peck's article in the July/August
		issue of Amiga World on accessing the audio device.
		This is version 2, an update to the release on disk
		number 84.  Includes source.
		Author:  Rob Peck

ClickUpFront	ClickUpFront is another program, similar in function to
		the ClickToFront program from disk 86, that allows you
		to bring any window to the front simply by double-clicking
		in any part of it.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

HeliosMouse	Another "sunmouse" type program.  Automatically activates
		a window simply by moving the mouse pointer into the window.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

Iff2Ps		A program to convert any IFF file to postscript for
		printing or viewing on a postscript compatible device.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  William Mason and Sam Paolucci

ModulaTools	Various useful routines for those programming in Modula
		on the Amiga.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jerry Mack

Terrain3d	Program which demonstrates generation of good looking
		pseudo-random scenery.  This version is a derivative of
		"sc" distributed on disk 87, but now displays terrain
		in 3d relief.  Includes source.
		Author:  Chris Gray; 3d version by Howard Hull

CONTENTS OF DISK 0095
---------------------

Cmd		Cmd redirects the serial.device or parallel.device output
		to a file.  Useful for capturing print jobs for debugging
		or "offline" printing.  Version 4, includes source.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

CygnusEdDemo	Demo version of CygnusEd, an editor from CygnusSoft
		Software.  CygnusEd supports simultaneous editing of
		multiple files, multiple views of the same file,
		very fast display, margins, word-wrap, status-lines,
		insert/overstike mode, online help, soft scroll 
		borders, screen overscan, adjustable tab size, macros,
		text formatting options, block/line/word cut/copy,
		and more.  Also includes demo 3.0 version of MandFXP.
		Binary only.
		Author:  CygnusSoft Software

Gomf		Gomf stands for "Get Outa My Face", a phrase many a
		programmer has mumbled when a Guru alert appears
		unexpectedly.  This interesting little program can
		generally make the Guru go away and allow you to
		clean up and shutdown more cleanly.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Christian Johnsen

Journal		Journal is a program that records a sequence of mouse and
		keyboard events as they occur and stores them in a file.
		The file can be played back with another program, also
		supplied, which causes the same sequence of events to
		occur again.  Very useful for creating demonstrations
		of programs or documenting repeatable bugs.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

MergeMem	Program which attempts to merge the MemList entries
		of sequentially configured ram boards.  When successful,
		allows allocating a section of memory which spans
		board boundries.  This is version 2, an update to the
		version released on disk 56.  Includes source.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

PrinterStealer	A program similar in function to "Cmd" that allows
		diversion of output destined for the printer to
		a file for future output or debugging purposes.
		Binary only, source available from authors.
		Author:  Alex Livshits and J-M. Forgeas

Record-Replay	A program, similar in function to "Journal", that
		records and plays back mouse and keyboard events.
		Binary only, source available from authors.
		Author:  Alex Livshits and J-M. Forgeas

CONTENTS OF DISK 0096
---------------------

AnimPlayer	An animation reader and displayer that is the result
		of a consortium of animation software developers, which
		includes the authors of Videoscape, Sculpt3D, Silver, 
		Forms-In-Flight, and Animator:Apprentice.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Martin Hash et al.

Chess		A port of a chess game posted to Usenet.  Still uses
		a "curses" type interface, so needs to be Amiga'ized.
		According to Bob, plays a better game than some of the
		commercial Amiga chess games.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  John Stanback; ported to Amiga by Bob Leivian

HackBench	HackBench provides the source for a WorkBench-like program,
		for experimentation and validation of new interface ideas.
		It is not intended to be an actual WorkBench replacement.
		Author:  Bill Kinnersley

Label		Simple program to print labels with arbitrary text.
		Version 1.3, binary only, but source available from author.
		Author:  Mike Hansen

LineDrawer	Makes a line drawing based on drawing commands stored
		in a text file.  Includes a demo that draws an outline
		map of the USA and state borders.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  John Olsen

PopUpMenu	Example code implementing pop-up menus that are reasonably
		compatible with Intuition menus.  Includes source.
		Author:  Derek Zahn

Tek4695		A Tektronix 4695/4696 printer driver.  Includes source.
		Author:  Philip Staub

TimeRam		A program to test the access speeds of Fast and Chip ram.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Bruce Takahashi

WarpText	Fast text rendering routines, to be linked with application
		programs.  Reported to be able to display text as fast,
		or faster than, "blitz".  This is an update to the version
		released on disk 87.  Version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Bill Kelly

CONTENTS OF DISK 0097
---------------------

This disk replaces disk number 57, which was pulled from circulation
because of questions about the redistribution status of material in
the "Ogre" subdirectory (replaced with "shm").  If you encounter a disk
number 57 in circulation, please advise all parties concerned that the
disk should be erased immediately.  

CutAndPaste	Public domain implementations of the Unix cut and paste
		commands.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Weald

GraphIt		A program to plot most simple functions in 2 or 3 
		dimensions, as well as 2d parametric equations in
		term of t.  Includes source.
		Author:  Flynn Fishman

Juggler		Stunning animation of a robot juggler with ray traced
		reflective spheres.  Uses HAM mode display and sound
		effects to boot!  This is version 1.2 and apparently
		fixes some bugs in the original version released on
		disk number 47.  Binary only.
		Author:  Eric Graham

MouseReader	Shareware program, submitted by the author, to read
		text files and view iff files using only the mouse.
		Binary only.
		Author:  William Betz

Shm		A simple graphics demo which approximately simulates the 
		motion of two interacting pendulums.  Includes source.
		Author:  Chris Ediss

Splines		Program to demonstrate various curve fitting and
		rendering techniques.  Also includes something unique
		for the Amiga world, pop-up menus.  Includes source.
		Author:  Helene (Lee) Taran

CONTENTS OF DISK 0098
---------------------

Access		A 16 color terminal program based on Comm version 1.34.
		Includes new macro window, custom gadgets, colorized
		menus, etc.  Version Beta 0.18, binary only.
		Author:  Keith Young (based on comm by D.J.James)

Backup		A simple backup program that writes normal AmigaDOS
		disks as the backup destination.  To recover files, you
		just copy from the backup disk.  Requires manual 
		decisions about what subdirectories to backup to
		what disks to make everything fit.  Includes source.
		Author:  Alan Kent

DCDemo		A demo version of DiskCat 2.3, a disk catalog program.
		Demo is limited to cataloging 100 files at a time.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Ed Alford, MicroAce Software

HdDriver	A complete driver for a WD-1002-05 hard disk controller 
		card.  This card can handle 3 hard disks and 4 floppies, 
		but the driver currently only handles one hard disk.  
		Includes source.
		Author:  Alan Kent

QBase		Quick-Base is a "MailBase Management utility", that lets
		you define and maintain records of your family, friends,
		and other associates.  Currently a maximum of 200
		records per file.  Binary only.
		Author:  Kevin Harris

Thai		A simple Thai quiz program developed by the author while
		he was learning the Thai language.  It loads complete
		Thai sentences and words from a supplied file.  If you
		click on the sentence or word gadget the program will
		pick a random sentence/word.  You then click on the
		Thai/Speak/Phonetic/English gadget to display that
		version (or speak it).  Includes source.
		Author:  Alan Kent

CONTENTS OF DISK 0099
---------------------

                          A-Render  Version .3
      A  Ray - Tracing  Construction  Set  For  The  Amiga  Computer
                   Copyright 1987      By  Brian Reed

How to run the picture demo from a <Master Disk>:
  Boot off your original Workbench 1.2.
  Enter the Command-Line-Interface (CLI).
  Type:   EXECUTE "A-Render v.3 <Master Disk>:A-Render/DEMO"

How to print the manual from a <Master Disk>:
  Boot off your original Workbench 1.2, with your printer configured.
  Enter the Command-Line-Interface (CLI).
  In preferences, set your printer margins to 1(left) and 80(right).
  Type:   EXECUTE "A-Render v.3 <Master Disk>:A-Render/PRINT_MANUAL"

A-Render v.3 can only be used from the CLI     -    Use Kickstart 1.2
For more info, be sure to start with the DOCumentation file -
  :A-Render/DOC/MOST_IMPORTANT_READ_ME.DOC    (part of the manual)

CONTENTS OF DISK 0100
---------------------

Berserk		This animation, unveiled at the September 87 meeting
		of the First Amiga Users Group, got Leo a standing ovation.
		It is a "must see" for every Amiga user, and ranks up
		there with "Juggler" as a premier demo for the Amiga.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

Conman		Extremely useful replacement for the standard console
		handler, that provides line editing and command line
		histories completely transparent to any application program
		that uses CON: windows.  This program is shareware, and well
		worth a donation to the author.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  William Hawes

WBLander	Another interesting Workbench display hack.  This one
		is really a game in disguise.  Previously released
		on disk number 85 as "Rocket", this one has been
		upgraded to have sound effects.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter da Silva

CONTENTS OF DISK 0101
---------------------

CirPlane	A circular plane generator for VideoScape 3D.  Generates
		a clockwise circular polygon with the specified number
		of vertices.  Used, for example, to cap a cylinder or to
		generate surface detail.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Thad Floryan

IconAssembler	This program loads existing WorkBench icon files and
		allows you to change either the primary or alternate
		images to another image loaded from an IFF-brush file.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Lindahl

MicroSPELL	MicroSPELL is a standalone spelling checker which scans
		text files and reports on misspelled words.  It has a 1000
		word "common word" list, a 43,000 word main dictionary, and
		supports multiple user dictionaries.  Also interfaces quite
		nicely with MicroEMACS 3.9, with an emacs macro to step
		through the source file, stopping at each suspect word and
		allowing the user to dispose of it in different ways.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author: Daniel Lawrence

Midi		A midi library and utilities set.  This looks like a
		very complete package, though I have no way of testing
		anything since I have no midi hardware.  The midi utilities
		include a midi monitor to display incoming midi messages
		to the console, a routing utility, a midi library status
		utility, and more.  Also includes source.
		Author:  Bill Barton

PsIntrp		A postscript interpreter that reads postscript files and
		previews them on an Amiga screen.  Interactive input and 
		output takes place in a small window.  The page to be
		show is composed behind the window in an interlaced screen
		with 16 colors.  Can also take input from a file.  Includes
		source in assembler.
		Author:  Greg Lee

StartUps	Three replacements for the standard C startup files,
		Astartup.obj and LStartup.obj.  The options include
		(1) BothStartup.obj, for WorkBench programs or CLI
		programs with or without command line parameters,
		(2) WBStartup.obj, for WorkBench programs or CLI
		programs that require no command line parameters, and
		(3) CLIStartup.obj, for CLI programs that require command
		line parameters but do not need to be able to be runnable
		from WorkBench.  Includes source.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0102
---------------------

Dbug		Machine independent macro based C debugging package.
		Provides function trace, selective printing of internal 
		state information, and more.  This is an update to the
		version released on disk 41, and now includes a machine
		independent profiling mechanism.  Includes source.
		Author:  Fred Fish; profiling support by Binayak Banerjee

Match_stuff	Heavy duty text pattern matching stuff.  The pattern
		syntax is an extension of standard AmigaDOS filename
		matching.  Also includes some simply matched text
		replacement capability.  Includes source.
		Author:  Pete Goodeve

Sectorama	A program designed to help Amiga users recover lost or
		damaged data from floppy or hard drives, or to repair
		a damaged volume.  The author wrote this out of
		frustration with existing tools when he had multiple
		hard disk drive failures over the course of several
		months.  Binary only.
		Author:  David Joiner

SiliCon		A smart input line interpreter that provides a separate
		command window with full editing and recall of previous
		commands.  Actual name is "Sili(Con:)".  This is an
		update to the version first released on disk number 50.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Pete Goodeve

Xicon		Xicon lets you use icons to call up scripts containing CLI
		commands.  This is version 2.00, an update to the version
		first released on disk 31, and includes close gadgets, window
		size specification, text display capability, plus more.
		Binary only.
		Author: Pete Goodeve

CONTENTS OF DISK 0103
---------------------

AvlTrees	Library and test program that implement routines for
		creating and using balanced binary trees (AVL trees)
		held entirely in memory.  Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Vixie

Calc		A programmable calculator program with similarities to a
		hand-held RPN calculator.  Can run either interactively
		or in "script" mode by reading programs from a file.
		Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Bob Brooks

Cref		A C cross referencer program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Edmonds; Amiga port by Joel Swank

DosKwik		A pair of programs which allow you to save files, or
		a group of files, to one or more floppies for quick
		loading (loading up a ram disk for example).  Does not
		store files in DOS format, which is why it is faster.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Gary Kemper
		
IntuiDOS	IntuiDOS is a program to give improved control over,
		and handling of, the material on all diskettes in the
		'CLI-area' by employing a multi-disk, scrollable
		directory and using Intuition techniques to issue
		DOS commands.  Written in assembler.  Binary only.
		Author:  Lennart Sandin

MFF-Update	A text import utility for MicroFiche Filer (demo version
		released on disk 89) and updates to some PD disk library
		databases.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gary Samad

Pack-It		Pack-it will take all the files and directories on a disk
		and pack them into a single file for electronic transmission
		via modem.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Gary Kemper

Sol		Amiga version of solitaire game posted to usenet some
		time ago and modified to use Amiga console control codes
		in place of curses calls.  Includes source.
		Author:  David Goodenough; Amiga port by Joel Swank

CONTENTS OF DISK 0104
---------------------

This disk contains a copy of Glenn Everhart's large and powerful
spreadsheet program called AnalytiCalc, submitted to me directly by
Glenn for inclusion in the library.  

CONTENTS OF DISK 0105
---------------------

AsmProgs	Some misc assembly tools, programs, etc.  "AsmFilter"
		(actually in AmigaBASIC) turns the output of the Metacomco
		disassembler into a file that can be re-assembled.
		"AddKickMem" adds the KickStart memory to your free memory
		on an Amiga 1000 with Kickstart in ROM.  "Clear" fills 
		unused areas of memory with a specific byte pattern.
		"L" is a replacement for the BCPL "list" program, but
		with some graphics enhancements.  "SharpFont" is an
		8 pixel non-proportional font.  "Stack" is a replacement
		for the BCPL stack program.  Includes some source.
		Author:  Glen McDiarmid and Kirk Davies

BasicProgs	Some more AmigaBASIC programs.  LeastSquare solves
		least squares problems and graphs the results.  Curves
		is a demo of one use for LeastSquare (find curves to
		fit a set of points).  Freud is a Freudian analysis
		program.  Includes source, needs AmigaBASIC from Extras.
		Author:  George Trepal

Bison		A replacement for unix "yacc" command.  This is from
		the GNU (GNU is Not Unix) effort, and was obtained
		from the Free Software Foundation.  This is an update
		to the version on disk 51, with some more bug fixes
		provided by Fred Walter.  Includes source.
		Author: Bob Corbett and Richard Stallman.  Bug fixes
			by Johan Widen, Doug Leavitt, & Fred Walter

DrunkenMouse	Another cute program in the tradition of "display hacks".
		Includes source.
		Author:  Alex Livshits

FlamKey		Installs a little key on the WorkBench screen title
		bar, and then waits in background until somebody clicks
		on the key.  When activated, allows the keyboard and mouse
		inputs to be locked out until a password is entered.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alex Livshits

GravityWars	The object of this game is for one player to hit the
		other player's ship with a missle, before being hit
		yourself.  The ships and planets don't move, but
		aiming the missle in the presence of gravity fields
		and black holes makes hitting your target difficult.
		Version 2.0, shareware, binary only.  This is an update
		to the version on disk number 84.
		Author:  Ed Bartz

IPo2C		A utility to write a C-language definition of the current
		intuition pointer to a file, which can then be used
		in a program via SetPointer to mimic the intuition pointer.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Alex Livshits

Pere-et-Fils	Example of creating and using reentrant processes.
		Includes source.
		Author: Jean-Michel Forgeas

Record-Replay	A program that records a sequence of mouse and keyboard
		events as they occur and stores them in a file.  The file
		can be played back to cause the same sequence of events to
		occur again.  Very useful for creating demonstrations
		of programs or documenting repeatable bugs.  This is
		version 2.0, an update to the version on disk 95.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alex Livshits and J-M. Forgeas

CONTENTS OF DISK 0106
---------------------

FuncKey		A shareware function key editor, submitted by the author
		for inclusion in the library.  This is version 1.1, an
		update to the version on disk 89. Binary only (source
		available from author).
		Author:  Anson Mah

MoreArt		A small selection of some additional Amiga artwork
		submitted to me since the last "art" disk.
		Authors:  Dana Dominiak and Larry Zasitko

QuickFlix	An IFF slideshow and cel animation program that takes
		full advantage of the Amiga's multitasking operating
		system, supports all the graphics modes, can run with
		internal timing or be triggered by an external source,
		caches images in memory to achieve rapid frame rate,
		etc.  Version 0.13, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Jeff Kunzelman, Rodney Iwashina, Takeshi Suganuma

RistiNolla	A Finnish game.  The name means something like CrossZero,
		and is also called Go-Moku.  Version 1.0, shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Mika Pihlajamaki

CONTENTS OF DISK 0107
---------------------

Csh		Version 2.07 of Matt Dillon's csh like shell, modified
		for Manx C.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Manx'ified by Steve Drew

Diff		A file comparison utility, similar to other common
		"diff" programs.  Includes source.
		Author:  D. Krantz;  Amiga port by Jeff Bailey

ProSuite	This is the Amiga Programmers Suite Book 1.01.  The
		suite provides example code of facilities that every
		programmer needs (such as FileIO Requester), provides
		examples of new facilities (such as XText and DoRequest),
		and provides a tutorial on how to program the Amiga.
		Includes source.
		Author:  R.J. Mical

SVTools		Some additional useful tools from Stephen Vermeulen.
		Includes a new version of Vnews, sit, setstack, retool,
		memlist, fragit, and yoyo.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0108
---------------------

AList		A directory listing program based on Dave Haynie's LD4
		program, with extensions and enhancements.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ed Kivi (original by Dave Haynie)

DirMaster	A very nicely done shareware disk cataloger, submitted
		by the author for inclusion in the library.  This is version
		1.0b, an update to the version released on disk 89.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Greg Peters

Dots-Perfect	Printer driver for an Epson MX80 printer with the 
		Dots-Perfect upgrade kit installed.  Includes source.
		Author:  Robbie Akins

MonIDCMP	MonIDCMP lets you monitor the IntuiMessages that pass through
		an IDCMP window.  It prints the message class, mouse
		coordinates, qualifier values, and other useful information
		when appropriate.  Great for debugging applications and
		for snooping around in the inner workings of other programs.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

PrintPop	A utility to enable the user to send some common control
		settings to the PRT: printer device.  When installed, a
		left-amiga F1 sequence will pop up a small window with
		various options.  Includes source.
		Author:  Robbie Akins

Sectorama	A program designed to help Amiga users recover lost or
		damaged data from floppy or hard drives, or to repair
		a damaged volume.  The author wrote this out of
		frustration with existing tools when he had multiple
		hard disk drive failures over the course of several
		months.  This is version 1.1, an update to the version
		on disk 102.  Binary only.
		Author:  David Joiner

Tek		An enhanced version of Dave Wecker's vt100 (v2.6) which
		includes emulation for a Tektronix 4010/4014 graphics 
		terminal.  This is a much improved version of the Tek4010
		program from disk number 52.  Includes source.
		Author:  Enhancements by Nick Giordano and Terry Whelan

Zoo		A file archiver, much like "arc" in concept, but different
		in implementation and user interface details.  Includes
		some nice features that "arc" lacks (such as file/path
		names up to 255 characters in length).  This is version
		1.42B, an update to the version released on disk 87.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Rahul Dhesi, Amiga port by Brian Waters

CONTENTS OF DISK 0109
---------------------

Machine		A neat new animation from Allen Hastings.
		Author:  Allen Hastings

SimCPM		A CP/M simulator for the Amiga.  Simulates an 8080
		along with H19 terminal emulation.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Cathey; Amiga port by Charlie Gibbs

UUpc		Version 1.0 of a suite of programs that will allow you
		hook up your Amiga as a usenet node.  Includes source.
		Author:  Richard Lamb, Stuart Lynne, Jeff Lydiatt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0110
---------------------

A68k		A 68000 assembler originally written in Modula-2 in
		1985 and converted to C by Charlie Gibb in 1987.  Has
		been converted to accept metacomco-compatible assembler
		source code and to generate Amiga objects.  Includes source.
		Author:  Brian Anderson; C translation and Amiga work
			 done by Charlie Gibb

Pdc		An optimizing C compiler for the 68000 processor.  This
		is an update to the version first released on disk 53,
		though apparently not based on the code from that disk.
		Major porting work was done by Jeff Lydiatt to get it to
		the point where it would compile and execute simple programs
		on the Amiga.  This version now generates metacomco-
		compatible assembler source code, which can be assembled by
		the assembler also provided on this disk and then linked by
		the freely redistributable linker "blink" (also provided).
		Includes all compiler source and some library and startup
		source code.  Requires amiga.lib from developers kit to
		generate complete running example executables.
		Author:  Matthew Brandt; major porting work by Jeff Lydiatt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0111
---------------------

AmyLoad		A graphical monitor of cpu, blitter, and memory use.
		Includes two components; load.device, which monitors
		system parameters, and amyload, which is the user
		interface and display program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jeff Kelley

AssignDev	Assigns multiple names to a given device.  For example,
		allows the names "df0:" and "df3:" to refer to the
		same physical device.  This is a modified version of
		the original released on disk number 79.  Includes source.  
		Author:  Phillip Lindsay, mods by Olaf Seibert

Gauge		Continuously displays memory usage in a vertical bar
		graph, similar to the workbench "fuel gauge" type 
		display for disk space.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter da Silva

HeliosMouse	Another "sunmouse" type program.  Automatically activates
		a window simply by moving the mouse pointer into the window.
		Version 1.1, an update to the version released on disk 94.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

Labels		Alphabetic and numeric ordered cross reference lists
		of defined system constants.  Recommended for debugging
		purposes only, use the symbolic values in programs!
		Author:  Olaf Seibert

Mandel		Another mandelbrot generator program, with bits and pieces
		of code from C. Heath and R.J. Mical.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Seibert

PopLife		A PopCLI type thingie that instead plays life all over your
		screen.  Lots of bits and pieces from Tomas Rokicki's blitlab
		and John Toebes' PopCLI.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Seibert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0112
---------------------

BeachBirds	Jerrold Tunnell's entry to the Badge Killer Demo
		Contest.  Uses sprites and sound to portray a beach
		scene.  Runs on a 512K machine.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jerrold Tunnell

Bully		Mike Meyer's entry for the Badge Killer Demo Contest.
		Pushes all open screens around (thus the name "bully").
		Designed for showing off more than one demo at a time
		Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Meyer

DropShadow	Dropshadow version 2, rev 0, for use with Bryce
		Nesbitt's Wavebench demo.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jim Mackraz

HagenDemos	Joel Hagen's Badge Killer Demo contest entries, "RGB"
		and "Focus".  RGB was the overall winner of the contest.
		It requires a one meg Amiga to run.  Binary only.
		Author:  Joel Hagen

Viacom		Latest version of viacom for use in conjuction with
		the WaveBench demo.  Binary only.
		Author:  Leo Schwab and Bryce Nesbitt

WaveBench	This is Bryce Nesbitt's Badge Killer Demo Contest entry.
		It is a neat screen hack, and runs on 512K machines.
		For more laughs, try in conjunction with Viacom or
		Ds (Dropshadow).  Includes source.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0113
---------------------

AmiCron		A simple Unix "cron" type program, which is a background
		task that uses a disk-resident table to automatically
		run certain tasks on a regular basis, at specific times.
		Version 2.3, includes source.
		Author:  Steve Sampson, Amiga port by Rick Schaeffer

Dme		Version 1.28f of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple 
		WYSIWYG editor designed for programmers.  It is not a
		WYSIWYG word processor in the traditional sense.  Features
		include arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line
		statistics multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.
		Update to version on disk number 93, includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

DosDev		Example DOS device driver in Manx C.  Version 1.10,
		includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

M2Amiga		Demo version of the final product M2Amiga. A fast single
		pass Modula-2 compiler with editor, linker, a small set of
		interface and standard libraries. Compiles only small demo
		programs by limiting codesize and imports.  Further 
		development of the ETHZ compiler on Disk 24. Binary only.
		Demos with source.
		Authors: R. Degen, C. Nieder, M. Schaub, J. Straube (AMSoft)

NoIconPos	This program clears the position info of any of your icons
		to allow WorkBench to pick a reasonable place for the icon
		again. Useful for disk and drawer icons where Snapshot 
		rewrites the icon and the window information. Written in 
		Modula-2, another demo for M2Amiga, showing the simplicity 
		of programming with this Modula-2 compiler.
		Author: Markus. Schaub

CONTENTS OF DISK 0114
---------------------

CDecl		English to C (and vice versa) translator for C
		declarations.  This little gem will translate english
		such as "declare foo as pointer to function returning
		pointer to array 10 of pointer to long" into
		"long *(*(*foo)())[10]", and vice versa.  An absolute
		must for anyone except possibly the most hardcore C guru.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Graham Ross

Vt100		Version 2.7 of Dave's vt100 terminal emulator with
		kermit and xmodem file transfer.  Includes a few bug
		fixes posted to Usenet shortly after the posting of
		version 2.7.  This is an update to the version released
		on disk 55.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Wecker

WBLander	This entry from the Badge Killer Demo Contest is
		a special version of the WBLander program from
		disk 100.  The ending is unique.  Also uses sound
		effectively.  Includes source.
		Authors:  Peter da Silva and Karl Lehenbauer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0115
---------------------

Killer		Killer is an incredible demo written by Robert Wilt.
		It won fourth place in the Badge Killer Demo Contest.
		Requires at least one meg of memory to run.  Sound is
		also an important part of the demo so be sure to turn
		it up.  Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Wilt

Marketroid	Marketroid is Leo's entry for the Badge Killer Demo
		Contest.  It is another devious sprite oriented demo
		with lots of "in" jokes.  Runs on a 512K machine.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

CONTENTS OF DISK 0116
---------------------

Movies		A ram animation system with three different example
		animations; Kahnankas, Rocker, and F-15.  Kahnankas won
		a close second in the Badge Killer Demo Contest.  Both
		Kahnankas and Rocker run on a 512K Amiga and show off
		overscan HAM mode.  Includes a animation player program
		(movie), animation builder programs (dilbm, pilbm), and
		a text/graphics display program (vilbm).
		Authors:  Eric Graham and Ken Offer 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0117
---------------------

AMUC_Demo	A really neat horizontal scrolling demo that is a 
		2400 x 200 pixel 32 color IFF picture composed of
		digiview snapshots of members of the AMiga Users
		of Calgary, superimposed on a very wide picture of the
		Calgary Skyline.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen and Stephen Jeans

ExP_Demo	Demo version of Express Paint 1.1.  This is the program
		that was used to create the huge scrolling demo picture 
		in the AMUC_Demo drawer on this same disk.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0118
---------------------

Empire		This is a complete rewrite, from the ground up, in
		Draco, of Peter Langston's Empire game.  Empire is
		a multiplayer game of exploration, economics, war,
		etc, which can last a couple of months.  Can be
		played either on the local keyboard or remotely
		through a modem.  This is version 1.0, shareware,
		and includes source code.
		Author:  Chris Gray, original game by Peter Langston

HAMmmm		This is Phil's entry for the Badge Killer Demo Contest.
		HAMmmm displays lines whose end points are bouncing around
		the screen, which is a double buffered HAM screen.
		The Y positions of the points are continuously copied
		into an audio waveform that is played on all four
		channels, and the pitch of a just intoned chord is
		derived from the average X position of these points.
		Includes source in JForth.
		Author:  Phil Burk

Stars		Hobie's entry for the Badge Killer Demo Contest.
		Based on original code by Leo Schwab, has credits
		longer than the actual demo.  Runs on 512K Amiga.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Hobie Orris

WireDemo	Matt's entry for the Badge Killer Demo Contest.
		Demonstrates the Amiga's line drawing speed.
		Runs on a 512K Amiga.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0119
---------------------

MicroEMACS	Version 3.9e of Daniel Lawrence's variant of Dave
		Conroy's microemacs.  This is an update to the version
		released on disk 93.  Also included, for the first time,
		is extensive documentation in machine readable form.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Conroy, MANY enhancements by Daniel Lawrence

CONTENTS OF DISK 0120
---------------------

Amoeba		This clone of Space Invaders is one of the best freely
		redistributable games for the Amiga to date.  Unlike
		many commercial games, it even works correctly in a
		multitasking environment (by not requiring you to
		reboot just to play a game).  Highly recommended!
		Binary only.
		Author:  LateNight Developments

BackGammon	A graphical Backgammon game done as an undergraduate
		A.I. course project.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Robert Pfister

Bankn		A complete checkbook system offered by the author as
		shareware.  Version 1.3, binary only.
		Author:  Hal Carter

EgyptianRun	Cute little "road race + hazards" type game.  Version
		1.1, binary only, shareware, source available from author.
		Author:  Chris Hames

IconImage	Program to replace an old icon image with a new image,
		without affecting icontype, drawer data, etc.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Denis Green

CONTENTS OF DISK 0121
---------------------

BasicStrip	An AmigaBASIC program that helps to convert programs
		written in other forms of Basic to AmigaBASIC.
		Author:  George Trepal

DataPlot	A shareware plotting program written in AmigaBASIC.
		Also includes a least squares curve fit program.
		Author:  Dale Holt

Plot		A shareware 3-D graphing program written in AmigaBASIC,
		with some sample output plots.  Source available from
		author.
		Author:  George Trepal

Stairs		This AmigaBASIC program demonstrates a musical
		illusion based upon perceptual circularity of widely
		spaced tones whose volumes are defined as a
		sinusoidal relationship to their frequency.
		Author:  Gary Cuba

Uedit		Version 2.3 of this nice shareware editor.  Has learn
		mode, a command language, menu customization, and other
		user configurability and customizability features.
		Binary only, shareware, update to version on disk 60.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

WBColors	A simple little program to change the Workbench colors
		to a predetermined color set, for programs that expect
		to be booted off their distribution disk but instead
		are run from a hard disk.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Lindahl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0122
---------------------

Asteriods	Nicely done "blast the asteriods" type game.  Unique
		feature is that all the images and sounds are replaceable
		by the end user.  So instead of ships and rocks, you can
		have an Amiga against a horde of IBMPC's if you wish.
		Author:  Rico Mariani

Iff2Pcs		An interactive puzzle program that takes any IFF file
		containing up to 16 colors, and breaks it up into squares
		to make a puzzle which the user can then piece back
		together again.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Ali Ozer

Names		A shareware program to create and manage mailing lists.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Ernie Nelson

Pr		A little utility to print listings in different formats.
		Similar to the Unix "pr" program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Samuel Paolucci

PushOver	A neat little board strategy game, in AmigaBASIC.  Push
		your pieces onto the board until you get five in a row
		in any direction.  Includes source.
		Author:  Russ Yost

PuzzlePro	Create a puzzle from an IFF picture, which the user can
		then piece back together again.  Written in AmigaBASIC.
		Version 1.0, binary only, shareware, source available
		from author.
		Author:  Syd Bolton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0123
---------------------

Arp		ARP stands for "AmigaDOS Replacement Project".  Arp
		is an effort led by Charlie Heath of Microsmiths Inc.,
		to replace the current DOS in a compatible fashion, so
		that current programs will continue to work.  Arp also
		makes whatever improvements are possible, so that current
		and future programs will work better.
		Author:  Various authors contributed work

Car		This animation is one of Allen's entries to the Badge
		Killer Demo Contest.  It apparently is an inside joke
		relating to a well known Amigan's experience with
		a certain highend graphics hardware manufacturer.
		Author:  Allen Hastings

CONTENTS OF DISK 0124
---------------------

Icons		Some sample animated icons.  You might find just the
		icon for that refugee CLI program you've been meaning
		to make runable from the WorkBench environment.
		Author:  L. Pfost

Tarot		An AmigaBASIC program written by the author as an exercise
		for learning BASIC.  Contains some nice graphic renditions
		of tarot cards.
		Author:  L.Pfost

CONTENTS OF DISK 0125
---------------------

ElGato		This animation is Kevin's entry to the Badge Killer
		Demo Contest.  It also has a background music
		arrangement, that requires Sonix to use.
		Author:  Kevin Sullivan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0126
---------------------

Colour		A program to manipulate the colors of specific named
		screens, saving their current color sets to data files,
		loading new color sets from data files, or interactively
		changing the colors.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Russell

Dance		These two programs, "dancing polygons", are John's
		entry to the Badge Killer Demo Contest.  They are
		variations of one another, but demonstrate the range
		of colors available on the Amiga.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Olsen

HBHill		This animation is one of Kevin's entries to the Badge
		Killer Demo Contest.  It is the first known animation
		that makes use of the Amiga's "Extra Half Brite" mode.
		Author:  Kevin Sullivan

Iconify		A subroutine that creates an icon on the Amiga screen
		that can be subsequently dragged around, and double-
		clicked on.  You can use this to have your programs
		"iconify" themselves to temporarily get out of the user's
		way.  Includes source and demo program.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

OnlyAmiga	This animation is Iqbal's entry to the Badge Killer
		Demo Contest.  It consists of tree balls being
		juggled by pyramids rotating on their tops.
		Author:  Iqbal Singh Hans

Suplib		The support library needed to rebuild various programs
		of Matt's from the source, including DME, DTERM, etc.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

VCheck		Version 1.2 of the virus detection program from
		Commodore Amiga Technical Support.  This version
		will test for the presence of a virus in memory,
		or on specific disks.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bill Koester.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0127
---------------------

Bounce		This program is Steve and Tom's entry for the Badge
		Killer Demo Contest.  It creates little dots that
		bounce around and multiply.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Hansel and Tom Hansel

Nemesis		This demo is Mark's entry to the Badge Killer Demo
		Contest.  It is quite small for what it does, and
		won fifth place in the contest.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mark Riley

Ripples		This animation is one of Allen Hastings' entries to
		the Badge Killer Demo Contest.  Unlike most other 
		animations, it shows a fixed object from a moving
		point of view, rather than a moving object from a
		fixed point of view.
		Author:  Allen Hastings

CONTENTS OF DISK 0128
---------------------

Dis		A 68000 disassembler, written in 68000 assembler.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Greg Lee

DropCloth	DropCloth lets you place a pattern, a 2 bitplane IFF
		image or a combination of a pattern and image, into
		the WorkBench backdrop.  Version 2.2, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Eric Lavitsky

LedClock	An extremely simple clock program, for interlaced
		screens only.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ali Ozer

MRBackUp	A hard disk backup utility, that does a file by file
		copy to standard AmigaDOS floppy disks.  Includes an
		intuition interface and file compression.  Version 1.3,
		includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

Paint		A simple screen painting program, written in web.
		Requires web preprocessing program to rebuild from
		source.  Includes source in web.
		Author:  Greg Lee

PrtDriver	A printer driver for the Toshiba "3 in one" printer in
		its Qume (best) mode.  Includes source in C and 
		assembler.
		Author:  Rico Mariani

SDBackUp	A hard disk backup utility.  CLI interface only.
		Does file compression.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Drew

Sed		A clone of the Unix sed (Stream EDitor) program.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Eric Raymond

wKeys		A "hot-keys" program that binds keyboard function
		keys to window manipulation functions (window activation,
		front to back, moving screens, etc).  Includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

CONTENTS OF DISK 0129
---------------------

DosKwik		A pair of programs which allow you to save files, or
		a group of files, to one or more floppies for quick
		loading (loading up a ram disk for example).  Does not
		store files in DOS format, which is why it is faster.
		Version 2.0, update to version on disk 103.  Binary
		only, shareware.
		Author:  Gary Kemper
		
MRBackUp	A hard disk backup utility, that does a file by file
		copy to standard AmigaDOS floppy disks.  Includes an
		intuition interface and file compression.  Versions
		2.0 (with sources) and 2.1 (binary only, source available
		from author).  This is an update to version on disk 128.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

PaintJet	An "official" Hewlett Packard PaintJet printer driver
		received directly from HP sources.  Don't settle for
		a bogus one, or pay the $50 some vendors are apparently
		asking for one.
		Author:  Unknown

Patch		Two independent ports of the very useful Unix utility
		"patch", which applies context diffs to text files
		to automatically update them.  Patch version 1.3 was
		ported to the Amiga by Rick Coupland and patch version
		2.0 was ported by Johan Widen.  Includes source.
		Author:  Larry Wall

CONTENTS OF DISK 0130
---------------------

DirMaster	A very nicely done shareware disk cataloger, submitted
		by the author for inclusion in the library.  This is version
		1.1, an update to the version released on disk 108.  Lots
		of neat new features and enhancements.  Binary only.
		Author:  Greg Peters

Evo		A human evolution toy/tutorial.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Bonner

Hp		A nice RPN calculator program that supports calculations
		with binary, octal, decimal, hex, float, and complex
		numbers.  Other features include 32 registers for storing
		data and transcendental functions.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Steve Bonner

Mach		A "mouse accelerator" program that also includes hotkeys,
		the features of sun mouse, clicktofront, and popcli, a
		title bar clock with a bbs online charge accumulator, and
		more.  Version 1.6a, includes source.
		Author:  Brian Moats

PatEdit		A pattern editor for creating patterns to input to
		the Amiga SetAfPt macro call.  This call sets the
		area fill pattern for the area filling graphics calls
		such as RectFill, AreaDraw, etc.  Includes source.
		Author:  Don Hyde

QMan		Mandelbrot generator written partially in assembly for
		speed.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Bonner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0131
---------------------

Dfc		Copies disks like Maurader, but multitasks.  Replaces both
		diskcopy and format but is smaller than either.  It even has
		a nice little Intuition interface.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

HyperBase	Nice little shareware database management system.
		Version 1.6, binary only, source available from authors.
		Update to version on disk number 58.
		Author:  Michael MacKenzie, Marc Mengel, and Craig Norborg

Life		A new version of Tomas's ancient Life game, but with a new
		macro language for setting up patterns, some good examples,
		and some more good stuff.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

Mackie		A Popcli replacement that draws pretty lines on the screen
		in blanking mode.  Includes source.
		Author:  Software Distillery; enhancements by Tomas Rokicki

Mg1b		A version of Mg1b with an ARexx port and other improvements
		by Tomas Rokicki.  Finally you can define macros and bind
		them to function keys in your startup file!  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Various; enhancements by Tomas Rokicki

WFrags		Another version of Frags, but this one pops up a nice little
		window that updates occasionally.  Necessary for developers
		who wonder what their program is doing to memory, or wonder
		why they can't load that program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

CONTENTS OF DISK 0132
---------------------

Berserk		This animation, unveiled at the September 87 meeting
		of the First Amiga Users Group, got Leo a standing ovation.
		It is a "must see" for every Amiga user, and ranks up
		there with "Juggler" as a premier demo for the Amiga.

		The difference between this distribution, and the one
		on disk 100, is that this one includes "source".  I.E.
		it contains all the object descriptions necessary to
		recreate the animation.  Thus you can, if you like,
		try modifying various objects to create slightly
		different animations, or use it as an example for
		creating your own animations.

		Seldom does a disk get devoted to a single program,
		however animation is one of the Amiga's greatest
		strengths, and I felt it was appropriate to have at
		least one animation that was available at the
		"source code" level.

		Author:  Leo Schwab

CONTENTS OF DISK 0133
---------------------

Conman		Extremely useful replacement for the standard console
		handler, that provides line editing and command line
		histories completely transparent to any application program
		that uses CON: windows.  This program is shareware, and well
		worth a donation to the author.  Version 1.1, binary only,
		update to version on disk 100.  New features include 
		additional editing keys, fast search keys, undo key, clear
		history command, and more.
		Author:  William Hawes

Crc		Two programs that are very useful for generating
		16-bit CRC listings of the contents of disks, and
		verifying that a given disk's files still compute
		to the same CRC's as listed.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Don Kindred

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 1-128 of the 
		library, using the Crc program also included on
		this disk.  These were made directly from my master
		disks.
		Author:  Fred Fish

Overscan	Patches the Intuition library so that sizable windows
		with MaxHeight of 200 (400 in interlace) and screens with
		Height of 200 (400 in interlace) will take advantage of
		the PAL overscan capability of Intuition V1.2.  This 
		seems to be useful only for European users that wish
		to run software written for the American market, without
		modifying the applications, but still using the additional
		space.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ari Freund

CONTENTS OF DISK 0134
---------------------

BoingThrows	A 50 frame HAM animation done with Sculpt-3D, and
		minor touchups with DigiPaint.  The animation took
		about 325 hours of runtime to generate.
		Author:  Marvin Landis

Browser		A workbench tool, using text-only windows, that makes
		all files in the system accessible for executing,
		copying, moving, renaming, deleting, etc.  Billed
		as a "programmers workbench".  Version 1.2, binary
		only.
		Author:  Peter da Silva

Dme		Version 1.29 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple 
		WYSIWYG editor designed for programmers.  It is not a
		WYSIWYG word processor in the traditional sense.  Features
		include arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line
		statistics multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.
		Update to version on disk number 113, includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Find		Find is a utility which searches for files that satisfy
		a given boolean expression of attributes, starting from
		a root pathname and searching recursively down through
		the hierarchy of the file system.  Very much like the
		Unix find program.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Rodney Lewis

Library		Demo version of a shareware program that stores textual
		information without regard to structure or content, and
		allows complicated searching for specific patterns.
		Written in assembler for speed, binary only.
		Author:  Bill Brownson

SmartIcon	This shareware program, submitted by the author,
		is an Intuition objects iconifier.  Version 1.0
		is limited to iconifying windows, which is still
		very handy.  It adds a new "iconify gadget" to
		each window, that when clicked on, iconifies the
		window into an icon in the ram: disk.  Binary only,
		source available from author.
		Author:  Gauthier Groult

CONTENTS OF DISK 0135
---------------------

TeXF		A selection of 78 TeX fonts, with a conversion
		program to convert them to Amiga fonts.  There
		are 22 different fonts at various sizes, ranging
		from 15 pixels high to more than 150 pixels.
		The conversion program can also be used with
		the fonts distributed with AmigaTeX, yielding
		an additional 1000 or so more fonts for use
		with other Amiga programs.  Version 2.5,
		binary only.
		Author:  Ali Ozer
		

CONTENTS OF DISK 0136
---------------------

AsmToolBox	An assembler "toolbox" created to make interfacing 
		between assembler programs and AmigaDOS easy.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Warren Ring

Bison		A replacement for unix "yacc" command.  This is from
		the GNU (GNU is Not Unix) effort.  It is a port of
		the latest GNU version, done by William Loftus, with
		the goal of preserving all of bison's current features.
		Includes source and testing program "calc".
		Author: Bob Corbett and Richard Stallman.

Iff2Pcs		An interactive puzzle program that takes any IFF file
		containing up to 16 colors, and breaks it up into squares
		to make a puzzle which the user can then piece back
		together again.  Version 1.1, an update to the version
		on disk 122, includes source.
		Author:  Ali Ozer

Paste		A version of the Unix paste utility.  Paste concatenates
		corresponding lines of the specified files into
		a single output line (horizontal or parallel merging)
		or concatenates them into alternate lines (vertical or
		serial merging).  Includes source.
		Author:  David Ihnat

YaBoingII	A game program demonstrating hardware sprite usage,
		including collision detection.  This is an update
		to the version on disk 36.  Includes source.
		Author: Ali Ozer, based on original by Leo Schwab

Zoo		A file archiver, much like "arc" in concept, but different
		in implementation and user interface details.  Includes
		some nice features that "arc" lacks (such as file/path
		names up to 255 characters in length).  This is version
		1.71, an update to the version released on disk 108.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Rahul Dhesi, Amiga port by Brian Waters

CONTENTS OF DISK 0137
---------------------

Ct		An Amiga program to display images from a CT scanner,
		along with several interesting sample images of scans
		of real people, including a skull, brain, heart, and
		spine.  Each image is 256 by 256 pixels in 2048 gray
		scale.  The display software, though it has a primitive
		user interface, is quite powerful, including functions
		like convolutions, averaging, laplacians, unsharp
		masking, edge detection, gradients, etc.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Harman

JeansIcons	Miscellaneous cute icons created for AMUC's monthly
		newsletter disk.  Submitted by Stephen Vermeulen.
		Author:  Steve Jeans

Muncho		A cute little program which plays a digitized sound
		sample when you insert or remove a disk from your
		drive.  If you don't like the sounds, you can replace
		them with your own.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andrew Werth

Sit		An update to the Set Icon Type program from disk 107.
		Version 1.10, includes source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

VGad		A new gadget editor that takes two pictures of the window
		and its gadgets, one being the normal gadget state and
		the other being the fully selected state, and then
		merges the data and converts to C source code.  Version
		1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

VirusX		A boot sector virus check program that runs in the
		background and automatically checks all inserted
		disks for a nonstandard boot sector.  Such disks can
		optionally have their boot sector rewritten to remove
		the virus.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

VLabel		A program to print fancy customized disk labels.  It will
		combine an IFF picture and up to 50 lines of text (which
		may be placed arbitrarily in any font or point size) and
		then print the result.  The IFF picture can be virtually
		any size (up to 1008 by 1000).  It will also print labels
		from a batch file produced by SuperBase.  Version 1.20,
		binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0138
---------------------

AmigaLine	A series of various technical notes for Amiga programmers.
		Author:  Byrce Nesbitt

Diff		A program that uses the same algorithm as the Unix
		diff program and also produces context diffs, suitable
		for use with patch.  Source WAS available but got
		eaten by my Amiga when it crashed, so binary only.
		Author:  Unknown (Decus C diff?)

Foreach		A simple but useful program that expands a wild
		card file specification and then invokes the
		specified command once per expanded filename,
		with the expanded filename as the command
		argument.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jonas Flygare

MacFont		A conversion tool to convert Mac fonts to
		Amiga fonts.  Binary only.
		Author:  John O'Neill and Rico Mariani

ModulaTools	Various useful routines for those programming in Modula
		on the Amiga.  Update to version on disk 94, includes
		source.
		Author:  Jerry Mack

Vt100		Two new versions of Dave's vt100 terminal emulator.
		One version, based on vt100 2.6, has been enhanced
		by John Barshinger to include an iconify feature,
		add full 132 column support using overscan, and other
		miscellaneous features.  This version is available in
		binary only.  The second version is release 2.8
		of the mainstream version of vt100, as enhanced and
		supported by Tony Sumrall.  This one include source.
		Author:  Dave Wecker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0139
---------------------

AmiCron		An enhanced and debugged version of AmiCron 2.3
		from disk number 113.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Sampson, Rich Schaeffer, Christian Balzer

ListScanner	A nice little utility to display all the Exec lists.
		Somewhat like the Xplor utility from disk 73.
		Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Heiko Rath

ProCalc		A program that simulates an HP-11C programmable calculator.
		Includes both an English version and a German version.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Gotz Muller

RemLib		Removes a specified library (if currently unused)
		or displays some information about all available
		libraries.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Heiko Rath

TurboBackup	A fast mass floppy disk duplicator with enforced verify
		mode to prevent generation of incorrect copies.  Version
		1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Steffen Stempel and Martin Kopp

WArranger	Sends a window, identified by its name, to the front
		or to the back, without selecting it.  Useful in
		conjunction with AmiCron.  Works on all screens.
		Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Heiko Rath

WheelChairSim	A wheelchair simulator developed as a project for the
		Technical Resource Centre and the Albert Children's
		Hospital, to allow the matching of a wheelchair joystick
		to a child's handicap and all the child to practice using
		the chair in a safe (simulated) environment.  Binary only.
		Author:  Unknown, submitted by Dr. Mike Smith

CONTENTS OF DISK 0140
---------------------

SBProlog	Volume 1 of the 2 volume Stony Brook Prolog (SBP)
		distribution, version 2.3.2.  This volume contains the
		executables and libraries.  Volume 2, on disk 141,
		contains the C and Prolog source code.

		From the SB-Prolog System, Version 2.2 User Manual:

		"SB-Prolog is a public-domain Prolog system for Unix(tm)
		based systems originally developed at SUNY, Stony Brook.
		The core of the system is an emulator, written in C for
		portability, of a Prolog virtual machine that is an extension
		of the Warren Abstract Machine.  The remainder of the system,
		including the translator from Prolog to the virtual machine
		instructions, is written in Prolog."

		In addition to providing a compiler, SB-Prolog also offers
		advanced features such as dynamic loading, mixing of compiled
		and interpreted code, macros, extension tables, a debugging
		facility offering two levels of tracing, profiling tools, and
		other utilities.

		Authors:  Logic Programming Group at SUNY, Stony Brook
			  Amiga port by David Roch and Scott Evernden

CONTENTS OF DISK 0141
---------------------

SBProlog	Volume 2 of the 2 volume Stony Brook Prolog (SBP)
		distribution, version 2.3.2.  This volume contains the
		C and Prolog source code.  Volume 1, on disk 140,
		contains the executables and libraries.

		From the SB-Prolog System, Version 2.2 User Manual:

		"SB-Prolog is a public-domain Prolog system for Unix(tm)
		based systems originally developed at SUNY, Stony Brook.
		The core of the system is an emulator, written in C for
		portability, of a Prolog virtual machine that is an extension
		of the Warren Abstract Machine.  The remainder of the system,
		including the translator from Prolog to the virtual machine
		instructions, is written in Prolog."

		In addition to providing a compiler, SB-Prolog also offers
		advanced features such as dynamic loading, mixing of compiled
		and interpreted code, macros, extension tables, a debugging
		facility offering two levels of tracing, profiling tools, and
		other utilities.

		Authors:  Logic Programming Group at SUNY, Stony Brook
			  Amiga port by David Roch and Scott Evernden

SmallC		An Amiga port of the Small-C compiler, written by Ron
		Cain and published in Dr. Dobb's Journal, in about 1980.
		Small-C is a rather small subset of the full 'C' language.
		However, it is capable of compiling itself, and other
		small, useful programs.  Requires an assembler and linker
		to complete the package and produce working executables.
		Includes source and binary.
		Author:  Ron Cain.  Amiga port by Willi Kusche.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0142
---------------------

Diff		A program that uses the same algorithm as the Unix
		diff program and also produces context diffs, suitable
		for use with patch.  This is the same version that was
		distributed on disk 138, but now includes the missing
		files (including source code).
		Author:  Unknown (Decus C diff)

FracGen		A fractal generator program that generates fractal
		pictures from "seeds" that you create.  This is
		unlike any of the other "fractal generators" I've
		seen.  It can be used to load and display previously
		created fractal pictures, modify existing fractals,
		or create your own fractals.  Version 1.1, binary
		only.
		Author:  Doug Houck

SciSubr		The Scientific Subroutine Package from DECUS, ported to
		the Amiga to run with Absoft Fortran.  This is a valuable
		resource of mathematical and statistical source code
		for those doing Fortran work on the Amiga.
		Author:  Unknown; ported to the Amiga by Glenn Everhart

CONTENTS OF DISK 0143
---------------------

Rim		RIM-5 (Relational Information Manager) is a full
		relational DBMS that is suitable for VERY large
		databases using B-Tree data storage.  It has a 
		crude (by today's standards) user interface, but
		since full source code is provided, this can be
		fixed.  Versions of RIM run on a wide variety of
		systems, small and large, and produce compatible
		databases.  Also includes a built in HELP database
		and a programming language.  Full Fortran source
		code and documentation included.
		Author: Various, Amiga port by Glenn Everhart

CONTENTS OF DISK 0144
---------------------

This disk contains version V22-3D of Glenn Everhart's large and powerful
spreadsheet program called AnalytiCalc, submitted to me directly by
Glenn for inclusion in the library as an update to the version released
on disk 104.

Also present on the disk is DeskTop Calendar (DTC), a useful little
appointment and meeting scheduler and calendar keeper. It will work on either
interlaced screens or non-interlaced.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0145
---------------------

Csh		This is a version of Matt's csh like shell which
		has been modified to provide file name completion
		and argument execution (via the grave accents
		mechanism).  Requires ARP 1.1 to run.  Binary
		only, but includes diffs for the reference 2.07
		source base.
		Author:  Matt Dillon; enhancements by Johan Widen

DMouse		Matt's done it again, another very useful program!
		This is a versatile screen blanker, mouse blanker,
		auto window activator, mouse accelerator, popcli
		style programmable command key, pop window to front,
		push window to back, etc, widget.  Version 1.06,
		includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

DNet		A link protocol that provides essentially an unlimited
		number of reliable connections between processes on
		two machines, where each end of the link can be
		either an Amiga or a Unix (BSD4.3) machine.  Works
		on the Amiga with any EXEC device that looks like the
		serial.device.  Works on UNIX with tty and socket
		devices.  Achieves better than 95% average throughput
		on file transfers.  Version 1.20, includes sources
		for both the Amiga and Unix versions.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Tab		A tablature writing program for the Amiga, with
		intruments for a banjo and a string guitar.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff deRienzo

TinyProlog	VT-PROLOG is a simple prolog interpreter provided with
		full source code to encourage experimentation with
		the PROLOG language and implementations.  Version 1.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Bill and Bev Thompson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0146
---------------------

Blanker2	A screen blanking program that turns the screen black
		after 90 seconds of keyboard and mouse inactivity.
		Implemented as a very tiny event handler to the input
		handler event stream.  Version 1.27.88, includes source.
		Author:  Joe Hitchens

C-Light		A demonstration copy of a commercial ray tracing program,
		which is identical to the commercial version except that
		it has been limited to ten objects per scene.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Ronald Peterson

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 129-141 and disks
		143-145 of the library, using the crc program from
		disk 133.  These were made directly from my master
		disks.  Disk 142 is omitted because of a problem
		with the crc program.
		Author:  Fred Fish

DmeMacros	A set of DME macros which utilize templates to turn
		DME into a language-sensitive editor for C, Pascal,
		Modula-2, and Fortran.
		Author:  Jerry Mack

MemoPad		A shareware intuition-based memo reminder program.
		Nicely done.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Griebling

CONTENTS OF DISK 0147
---------------------

This disk contains the latest version of MicroGNUEmacs (MG 2b).  Many
additions and enhancements since the original works by Dave Conroy.  A
large amount of credit should go to the vast number of contributors and
Beta testers.

*Note: In order to fit all of the files on one disk and preserve the
       Workbench environment, the machine specific source code files
       and the document files have been archived.  An executable copy
       of the public domain archive program "Zoo" has been placed in
       the "c" directory for the convenience of those who may not
       already have it.

-Fred ><>
 8-Aug-88  

CONTENTS OF DISK 0148
---------------------

EFJ		"Escape from Jovi"  A machine-code game featuring
		hi-res scrolling, large playfield, disk-based Hi-Score
		list, stereo sound, and multiple levels. Use a joystick
		in port 2 to control the ship.  Binary only, shareware ($8).
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

Fme		Nicely done map editor for the Fire-Power (tm) game. 
		Features interlaced hi-res with intuition interface.  See
		the "Readme.fnf" file for information on making a
		bootable disk.  Includes source.
		Author: Gregory MacKay
		
HandyIcons	Adds a menustrip to the WorkBench window that allows 
		you to run selected Workbench Tools by menu selection.
		Can be set up to provide custom environments.  Current
		version supports only WorkBench Tools and not Projects.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Alan Rubright

Scrambler	A simple program that will encode/decode a text file
		into illegible gibberish, which resembles executable code,
		to evade prying eyes.  Version 0.01, Binary only.
		Author:  Foster Hall 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0149
---------------------

AnimalSounds	A sample of digitized animal sounds along with a simple 
		sound player.
		Authors:  The Trumor Company, Inc.
		          Sound Player by Don Pitts

DX-VoiceSorter	Written to be used with Jack Deckard's VoiceFiler program.
		(Disk 82).  It allows for the sorting of a number of
		voicefiles stored using that program into a new voicefile
		of voices made up from various files.  Includes source.
		Author:  David Bouckley

Keep		A nice little utility program with an intuition interface
		for BBS and network junkies who download messages in one 
		large file and then read them off-line.  Using only the
		mouse, you can drive through such files a message at a 
		time, examine each at your leisure and tag those you wish
		to keep.  Version 1.2, binary only, but source available
		with donation to author.
		Author:  Tim Grantham 

Less		Like Unix "more", only better, with forward and
		backward scrolling, searching and positioning by
		percent of file and line number, etc.  Now lets you
		also print the current file.  Very useful!
		This is Amiga version 1.3, an update to the version
		on disk number 92.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Nudelman, Amiga port by Bob Leivian

Scheme		To quote the ReadMe file:
		"Scheme is a statically scoped and properly tail-recursive
		dialect of the Lisp programming language invented by
		Guy Lewis Steele Jr. and Gerald Jay Sussman."
		Binary only.
		Amiga port by Ed Puckett
                    
   

CONTENTS OF DISK 0150
---------------------

AirFoil		An update to the Airfoil generator on disk #71.
		Generates airfoil models as well as their corresponding
		streamline and pressure distributions.  Includes source.
		Authors:  Russell Leighton
		          Addendum by David Foster

DC10		An AmigaBasic DC-10 instrument flight simulator.  Appears
		to be quite in-depth with flight-planning and take-off 
		options along with an extensive documentation file.  Requires
		rebuilding on a separate disk and was successfully done so
		by following the author's instructions in the ReadMe_First
		file.
		Author: Jan Arkesteijn		

ExecLib		A working example of how to build and use user-defined
		disk-resident libraries.  Of special interest to developers
		working with Lattice C.  
		Author:  Alex Livshits

Iconizer	A utility program that saves your current mouse pointer
		to a small icon.  You can restore the pointer just by
		double-clicking on its icon.  Allows for building a whole
		library of pointers and to use them whenever you want.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Alex Livshits

Pilot		An implementation of the PILOT language for the Amiga, 
		including a demo done for the National Park Service.
		PILOT is a limited use language for use in educational and
		computer based instruction programs.  Binary only with Beta
		test kit available from authors.
		Author:  Terry LaGrone

StealMemBoot	A small utility designed to be a direct replacement for 
		NoFastMem kind of programs.  It modifies the boot block of
		a disk, so when you boot with it, all memory allocations 
		will return only CHIP memory.
		Author:  Alex Livshits

CONTENTS OF DISK 0151
---------------------

GlobeDemo	A graphics demo which displays very smooth transitions of
		the rotating earth.  Features a pop-up menu.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Bob Corwin

Icons		Yet another potpourri of interesting icons to choose
		from if you need one for your own program.
		Author:  Dave Turnock

Pcopy		A small intuition-based disk copier similiar to 
		the resident "DiskCopy" except with write-verify 
		and other user-selectable options.  Useful for making
		multiple copies with reliable data.  Requires two disk
		drives.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dirk Reisig

SCT		A CLI-based utility (SetColorTable) for displaying and/or
		setting a screen's colors.  You can save the colors
		of a screen to be restored later, or copy one screen's
		colors to another.  Includes source.
		Author:  aklevin

SlideShow	Very nicely done slide-show program written in assembly
		language.  Features forward/backward presentation and 
		creative screen wipes.  Currently works only with IFF
		lo-res pictures.  Executable only along with some new
		IFF pictures to have come my way.  Shareware ($16).
		Authors:  Mike McKittrick and Sheldon Templeton

Surveyor	A little utility that opens a window on the current 
		screen and displays information about the pointer.
		Allows for absolute or relative measurement between 
		two points on the screen.  Very handy for precise
		positioning of icons and such.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dirk Reisig

CONTENTS OF DISK 0152
---------------------

Blk		A requester making tool employing various recursive
		algorithms including a recursive parser.  It takes input
		text files and converts them to C-source for including as
		requester declarations.  Includes source.
		Author: Stuart Ferguson

RunBack		A variant of Rob Peck's RunBackGround program from disk 
		number 73.  Allows you to start a new CLI program and run
		it in the background, then closes the new CLI.  This version
		automatically searches the command-search-path to find the 
		program. Includes source.
		Author:  Daniel Barrett 

UUCP		This is a version of uucp (Unix to Unix Copy Program)
		for the Amiga, along with some miscellaneous support
		utilities like cron, mail, and compress.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, submitted by William Loftus

CONTENTS OF DISK 0153
---------------------

Dme		Version 1.30 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple 
		WYSIWYG editor designed for programmers.  It is not a
		WYSIWYG word processor in the traditional sense.  Features
		include arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line
		statistics multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.
		Update to version on disk number 134, includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon
		
HP11		Emulates an HP11C calculator including the program mode.
		Features an ON/OFF button that turns the calculator into
		an icon that will sit and wait until you need it again.
		Documentation on the features is scarce, perhaps some 
		industrious HP owner could write a small tutorial for the
		benefit of those that don't own an HP calculator.
		Binary only.
		Author:  David Gay

HPMam		A program to manipulate settings and fonts on HP LaserJet+
		printers and compatibles. Includes an Intuition interface
		and some sample picture files.  Version 1.0, binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Steve Robb

Synthemania	An interesting, very small (and very persistent!) musical
		piece. If you plan on stopping it without using three 
		fingers, you better read the document file first!
		Binary only.
		Author:  Holger Lubitz 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0154
---------------------

Ada		An Ada Syntax checker for the amiga.  Includes lex and
		yacc source.
		Author:  Herman Fischer; updates by William Loftus

AssemblyDemos	A interesting group of assembly language demos for your 
		visual and aural pleasure.  Binary only.
		Author:  Foster Hall

DiskLib		Two utilities for those people who like to split up PD
		disks into disks of different categories.  Includes source.  
		Author:  Wilson Snyder

Guardian	Another virus diagnosing and vaccination program.
		Recognizes any non-standard bootblock.  Includes a
		small utility program to permanently place the program
		on a copy of your kickstart disk in place of the seldom
		(if ever!) used Debug() function.  Binary only.
		Author:  Leonardo Fei

PrintSpool	A print-spooling program.  Very useful for printing files
		in the background.  Many command-line options.  Version
		1.0.0, Includes source.
		Author:  Frangois Gagnon

Utilities	A group of four little utility programs, Cal, Undelete
		DClock and WhereIs.  Binary only, see the ReadMe file for a 
		description of each.
		Author:  Dan Schein

VirusX		An update to the virus-detecting program of the same 
		name on disk number 137.  This version also checks for
		the Byte-Bandit strain.  Version 1.21, Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

Virus_Alert!	Yet another anti-virus program with a twist.  Once
		installed a message is displayed just after a warm or
		cold boot notifying the the user  that the disk and
		memory are virus-free, and forcing a mouse-button press
		before continuing.  Anything writing to the bootblock
		thereafter will destroy the message and a normal virus-
		infected boot (???) will take-place.  Versions 1.01 and
		2.01, Binary only.
		Author:  Foster Hall

Wicon		A "Window Iconifier".  Allows you to turn your windows
		into small icons which can be later recalled.   Currently
		installed with MacWin to give your windows a "rubber-
		banding" effect.  Version 1.14, Includes source.
		Author:  Steven Sweeting

CONTENTS OF DISK 0155
---------------------

AsmExamples	A couple of assembly code examples.  Executables are 
		not extremely useful but the code might be of 
		considerable benefit to beginning assembly language
		programmers.  
		Author:  Henrik Clausen

Bison		A replacement for unix "yacc" command.  This is from
		the GNU (GNU is Not Unix) effort.  Contains updates
		to the version on disk number 136, submitted by two  
		separate sources.  Includes source.
		Author:  Bob Corbett and Richard Stallman, updates
			 by William Loftus and Scott Henry
		
NoSmoking	Sample program showing the use of a recoverable alert
		while displaying a personal health message.  Includes
		source.  
		Author:  Theo Kermanidis

Scenery		A very nice assembly language random scenery generator.
		Generates very realistic looking landscapes.  Includes 
		intuition interface and lots of menu options.  Version
		1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Brett Casebolt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0156
---------------------

Blocks2		Amusing and colorful display of a moving trail of 
		"blocks".  Update to version on disk number 71, however
		this version also includes source.
		Author:  Gary Walker

Flex		Flex is a replacement for the UNIX "lex" (lexical
		analyzer generator) program that is faster than
		lex, and freely redistributable.  Includes source.
		Authors:  Jef Poskanzer, Vern Paxson, et. al.
			  Submissions by William Loftus and Scott Henry

Go64		Another screen hack aimed at an earlier Commodore product
		(Not to be confused with the commercial product Go-64! from
		Software Insight Systems).  Includes source.
		Author:  Joerg Anslik

Grammars	A group of lexical grammar files for Ada, C and Pascal for 
		use in conjunction with the flex program on this disk and 
		the bison program on disk #155
		Authors:  Various, submitted by William Loftus

OOPS!		Tired of the monochrome background color of your Workbench
		or CLI?  Then try this colorful screen hack to brighten 
		things up!  Includes source.
		Author:  Joerg Anslik

CONTENTS OF DISK 0157
---------------------

60or80		A small utility to toggle the 60/80 column text modes
		without having to go through preferences.  Works from
		either the CLI or the Workbench.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Schretlen

AmicForm	Creates a phonebook containing only those areacodes and
		exchanges reachable through PC-Pursuit. Input any of Chet
		Solace's Finalist BBS lists and it creates the phonebook
		in a form usable by AmicTerm and a number of other popular
		terminal programs.  Version 1.3, Binary only.
		Author:  John Motsinger

AnimBalls	A nifty little animation program that allows you to 
		create a collection of balls in three-space and then
		interactively rotate them in real time using the mouse.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Guilford

BootBack	A handy little utility to copy and save the boot block
		from a disk, then later restore it should the disk 
		get stomped on by some ugly virus.  Includes source.
		Author:  David Joiner

ECPM		A CP/M emulator for the Amiga.  Emulates an 8080
		along with H19 terminal emulation. Update from version
		on disk number 109.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Cathey; Amiga port by Charlie Gibbs;
			 Significant improvements by Willi Kusche

KeyFiler	A BBS message file sorter that allows sorting by keyword. 
		Includes a textreader, Soundex matching, and limited
		wildcard capabilities.  Version 1.0, Binary only.
		Author:  John Motsinger

ScreenZap	A little utility to clean away screens that are left
		by ill-behaving programs.  It will kill every screen
		behind the WorkBench, noting how many it gets. The
		screens in front of WB are not affected.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

SetPrefs	Allows you to build a whole library of preference settings
		and instantly switch back and forth between them.  Affects
		all preference settings not just the colors.  Very useful 
		for machines with multiple users or multiple external
		devices.  Includes Amiga's default and various sample
		preference settings.  Binary only.
		Author:  Martin Hippele

Xicon		Xicon lets you use icons to call up scripts containing CLI
		commands.  This is version 2.01, an update to the version
		on disk 102.  Includes source.
		Author:  Pete Goodeve
		

CONTENTS OF DISK 0158
---------------------

DiskX		Nicely done Sector-based disk editor.  Binary only
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

MemBoardTest 	Originally designed for production testing of A1000 memory
		boards. Very nice intuition interface.  Version 2.4,
		Includes source in Modula. 
		Author:  George Vokalek

MSDOS		A program to list files written in standard MS-Dos or
		Atari ST format.  The files can then be copied to Ram and 
		rewritten to disk in Amiga-Dos format.  Binary only, 
		Shareware, Version 0.1.
		Author:  Frank Wbbeling

PCBTool		An early version of a shareware PC Board layout program
 		Lots of options including variable size pads and traces,
		grids, grid snap, layers, zoom, selectable centering,
		text and more.  This version does not support printer/
		plotter dumps or libraries.  Version 2.6, binary only.
		Author:  George Vokalek

ScreenX		A handy little background utility that provides a small
		clock/memory counter in its inactive mode and a versatile
		screen manipulator when called upon.  Binary only with
		source available from author, Version 2.1.  
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

TaskX		A "real-time" task editor.  Lets you list and set the 
		priorities of all the currently running tasks.  Binary
		only, Version 2.0. 
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

VirusX		Update to the version on disk number 154, checks for 
		a couple of additional new strains.  Includes source,
		Version 1.6.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett
	
YachtC3		Update to the Yachtc program on disk #10, contains some fixes
		and incorporates a simple sound process.  Version 3, includes
		source.
		Author:  Sheldon Leemon, with enhancements by Mark Schretlen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0159
---------------------

Free		A little command to put in your c directory that returns
		memory status and number of tasks currently served by EXEC.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Joerg Anslik

MidiTools	A group of several different utility programs for those
		who run a Midi system.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jack Deckard

StarChart  	Nicely done intuition based program to display and identify
		about 600 stars, galaxies and nebulae visible in the Northern
		hemisphere.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Ray R. Larson

TaskControl	Nicely done task-handling program allowing you to put to 
		sleep, kill or change priorities of the all the currently
		loaded tasks.  Also potentially GURU-producing, so be careful
		what tasks you kill, change priorities of, etc.  Handy window
		sizer will reduce it almost to an icon to hang around until
		you want to use it.  Binary only.
		Author:  J. Martin Hippele

TUC		"The Ultimate Clock".  Another window title clock/memory 
		minder.  This one is in 132 columns!  Also gives the free 
		memory on drives DF0, DF1 & DF2.  Includes source.
		Author:  Joerg Anslik 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0160
---------------------

Calls		A little utility to help analyze the flow of a C-program by
		laying out the functions called in a hierarchical manner.
		Author:  Originally from Usenet with major revisions by
			 Kevin Braunsdorf, Amiga port by George MacDonald

Check		A useful little utility for finding structural errors
		in C-source code.  Many command-line options.  Version
		1.03, binary only.
		Author:  Keith Elbertson

Dis		A 68000 disassembler, written in assembly, this is an update
		to the version on disk #128.  Includes source.
		Author:  Greg Lee with enhancements by Willi Kusche
  
DMouse		A versatile screen & mouse blanker, auto window activator,
		mouse accelerator, popcli, pop window to front, push
		window to back, etc, widget.  Version 1.09, includes source.
		Update to version on disk number 145.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

DWIP		"Daisy Wheel IFF Printer".  A graphics printing utility
		that allows the printing of IFF pictures on a daisy wheel
		printer.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ken Van Camp

M4		A UNIX M4 look-alike macro processor intended as a
    		front end for Ratfor, Pascal, and other languages that do
    		not have a built-in macro processing capability.  Pd M4
    		reads standard input, the processed text is written on the
     		standard output.
		Author:  Ozan S. Yigit (oz)

MemoPad		A shareware intuition-based memo reminder program.
		Nicely done.  Update to version on disk #146, version
		1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Griebling
		
NeuralNets	A neural network example using the generalized back-
		propagation delta rule for learning, specifically applied
		to the tabula rasa Little Red Riding Hood instance. 
		Author:  Josiah C. Hoskins 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0161
---------------------

Friends		Cute little screen hack with command-line options to keep
		your mouse pointer company when you step away.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Michael Warner 

Getsprite	A simple little program to convert Dpaint brushes into 
		C-source.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Warner

IncRev		A handy little program that will automatically increment
		the revision number of a program every time it is recompiled.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Bryan Ford 

LGZ		A Map generator/editor for the LGZ game.  Not extremely 
		useful if you don't happen to play that game, but good 
		source example of intuition interfacing.  Vesion 0.1.
		Authors:  Lars and Henrik Clausen

Mackie		A versatile cli/macro-key initiator based on POPCLI with
		a unique method	of "screen-blanking".  I won't say more,
		just try it!  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Rokicki

Nag		A shareware appointment calendar with it's own editor and a
		unique 'nagging' feature utilizing the Amiga's voice and
		audio devices.	Version 1.6, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton	

Perl		Practical Extraction and Report Language, an interpreted
		language optimized for scanning arbitrary text files,
		extracting information from those text files, and printing
		reports based on that information.
		Author:  Larry Wall
 
VRTest		Another anti-virus utility that allows visual inspection
		of ram starting a $7E7FE, ram cleaning, bootblock 
		inspection and vector monitoring/reseting.  Written 
		entirely in assembly language.  Version 3.2, binary only.
		Author:  Babar Khan

XBoot		A very simple utility to convert a boot block into an 
		executable file so you can use your favorite debugger
		(Wack, Dis, etc.) to study it.  Includes source.
		Author:  Francois Rouaix

CONTENTS OF DISK 0162
---------------------

Avi		A workalike version of the UNIX vi editor for the amiga.
		Though not especially recommended for beginners, designed
		for those of you who may have the vi commands permanently
		hard-coded into your fingertips!  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Nestor

CLI_Utilities	This directory contains several subdirectories with 
		small utilities, collected from various sources,
		that are only usable from the CLI.  See the Readme
		file for further information.  Some include source.
		Author:  Various

Dark		A small graphics and animation demo.  Includes source.
		Author:  Phil Robertson

Flow2Troff	A little utility to convert from New Horizons Software 
		"FLOW" files to	UNIX "troff" files, suitable for printing
		on any troff-compatible laser printer.  Version 1.0,
		includes source	and a sample "FLOW" file.
		Author:  Daniel Barrett

LabyrinthII	A shareware role-playing text adventure game similar in 
		operation to the Infocom text adventures.  Includes source.
		Author:  Russell Wallace

Iffar		Maintains archives of Interchange File Format (IFF) FORM,
		CAT and LIST  files in a manner  that complies with the
		IFF CAT specification.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Karl Lehenbauer

SetPALorNTSC	A couple of utility programs for testing the suitability
		of a developed program in either the PAL or NTSC
		environments.  Includes source and a sample program.
		Author:  Peter Kittel

TES		"The Electronic Slave" adds a gadget strip to the top of
		the cli window to perform such functions as device 
		directories, info, run ED, and time.  Currently, assignments
		are hardcoded but not difficult to change if you own a 
		compiler.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Joerg Anslik 
		
UnknownGirl	Another small musical piece similar in execution to
		"Synthemania" on disk number 153.  Binary only.
		Author:  Holger Lubitz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0163
---------------------

Bankn		A complete checkbook system offered by the author as
		shareware.   Update to version on disk number 120.
		Version 1.5, binary only.
		Author:  Hal Carter

FiveInLine	A board-playing game similiar to Go-Moku, Ristinolla, etc.
		Fast-paced and quickly addictive!  Includes source.
		Author:  Njl Fisketjn  

MachII		A "mouse accelerator" program that also includes hotkeys,
		the features of sun mouse, clicktofront, popcli, title bar
		clock with a bbs online charge accumulator, and	more. 
		Update to version on disk number 130.  Version 2.4c, binary
		only.
		Author:  Brian Moats

MemTrace	Routines to help debug memory allocation and freeing during
		program development.   Will complain if you try to free 
		memory you didn't allocate and will report on memory not
		freed when your program finishes.
		Author:  Jojo Wesener
  
PcPatch		Patches for PCCopy and PCFormat from the 'EXTRAS 1.2' disk,
		to allow reading/writing/formatting 3.5 inch 360k (2 sides/
		40 Tracks/9 sectors) MS-DOS disks.
		Author:  Werner Guenther

ReadmeMaster	A nifty little database for finding those programs that 
		you know exist somewhere (???) in the AmigaLibDisk library.
		Maintains a key-word dictionary of the Contents descriptions
		that allows searching by disk number, program title, author's
		name, or some other descriptive word.  Currently supports
		disks 1-154 with planned updates from the author.  Binary
		only. 
		Author:  Harold Morash

View		A mouse-oriented text file reader.  Sample operation is 
		demonstrated in reading the View.doc file, instead of using 
		the usual "Less" text file reader.
		Author:  Bryan Ford

CONTENTS OF DISK 0164
---------------------

C-Functions	A group of four little C-functions to add to your library to
		make your programming life a little easier.  Includes source
		and a small demo program showing some of the results. 
		Author:  Lars Thuring
  
DiskSalv	Very useful program to recover files from a trashed AmigaDOS
		disk.  Can also "undelete" files deleted by mistake, so long
		as they have not overwritten by further disk activity.
		Requires two disk drives.  Many enhancements since the
		original version on disk #20.  Version 1.3, Binary only
		Author:  Dave Haynie

Hed		A handy little editor that is more user-friendly than 
		"Ed", yet doesn't require the memorization of complicated
		keystrokes of some of the larger, more powerful, editors.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Hal Carter

Newton		Uses the "Newtons Method" algorithm to estimate both real
		and imaginary roots of a polynomial of degree 20 or less.
		Version	1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Daniel Barrett

NewZAP		A third-generation multi-purpose file sector editing utility,
		from the author of FileZAP.  Displays and edits full 512-byte
		sectors via a 106 character wide internal font.  Includes
		a search feature to find specific strings or hex digits, 
		forwards or backwards.  Update to version on disk #58.
		Version 3.18, Binary only.
		Author:  John Hodgson
	
PcView		Provides the PC community with the opportunity to display
		IFF pictures to the best of EGA's ability.  Displays Amiga
		pics, IBM-PC Deluxe Paint Pics, Apple II-GS Deluxe Paint
		Pics, and others in the IFF standard format.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  John Hodgson
		
PolyRoot	Another Polynomial root-finder using the Newtonian algorithm.
		Nicely done in AmigaBasic with good documentation file.
		Version 2.00.
		Author:  Jon Giorgini

PrtDrivers	A couple of new Printer Drivers.  One for Digital Equipment's
		LN03+ laser printer, and one for Mannesmann Tally's MT420d
		dot matrix.
		Authors:  DEC LN03 -- Bernie Mentink
			  MT420d -- Sascha Wildner

Zoo		A file archiver, much like "arc" in concept, but different
		in implementation and user interface details.  Includes
		some nice features that "arc" lacks (such as file/path
		names up to 255 characters in length).  This is version
		2.00, an update to the version released on disk 136.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Rahul Dhesi, Amiga port by Brian Waters

CONTENTS OF DISK 0165
---------------------

Conman		Extremely useful replacement for the standard console
		handler, provides line editing and command line	histories.
		Completely transparent to any application program
		that uses CON: windows.  This program is shareware, and well
		worth a donation to the author.  Version 1.3, binary only,
		update to version on disk 133. 
		Author:  William Hawes

CPM		Another CP/M emulator independently authored from the version
		that appeared on disk #157.  Emulates a CPM computer with a
		Z80 processor connected to an ADM3A terminal.  Assembly
		source included. 
		Author:  Ulf Nordquist

Parsnag		A program to aid in performing color separations on Epson
		JX-80 printers.  Includes source. 
		Author:  John Hodgson 

PlotView	A couple of programs, Plotview and Plot2Am, for viewing
		UNIX plot files.  Also included are two sub-directories:
		Plot -- a device independent plotting package for the Amiga,
		compatible with the UNIX plot subroutine package and 
		Plot2Tek -- converts UNIX plot format files to Tektronix
		410x terminal graphic commands.  Source included.
		Author:  Joel Swank

RamCopy		A copy program designed for machines with 1 meg or more
		of Ram and only one disk drive.  Allows you to copy a 
		complete disk in only one pass.
		Author:  Stephen Gunn
		
SPUDclock	A simple program that uses the narrator device to speak the 
		time at certain user specified intervals.  Lots of command
		line options.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Authors:  Robert E. Beaty and H. Bret Young

CONTENTS OF DISK 0166
---------------------

AutoGraf	Collects and graphically displays information on auto
		mileage.  Features such as miles per gallon, cost per 
		mile, miles driven, highs, lows, averages, etc.  Includes
		sample data file, a couple utility programs and source.
		Version 1.0
		Author:  Joel Swank

Cref		A C cross referencer program.  Prints out your code with
		line-numbers and complete key-word cross-referencing.
		Update from version on disk #103 which had a serious
		bug.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Edmonds; Amiga port by Joel Swank

MultiCalc	Yet another RPN type graphic calculator.  This one 
		generates answers with extreme precision (if 3000 digits
		is enough!)  Features a 48-digit scrollable display, mouse
		driven with lots of keyboard shortcuts, and iconification
		during non-use.  Binary only.
		Author:  Kenneth Johnson

Stevie		A public domain clone of the UNIX 'vi' editor.  Supports
		window-sizing, arrow keys, and the help key.  Version 3.10a,
		includes source. 
		Author: Various, Amiga port by Tony Andrews
		

CONTENTS OF DISK 0167
---------------------

CDecl		English to C (and vice versa) translator for C
		declarations.  This little gem will translate english
		such as "declare foo as pointer to function returning
		pointer to array 10 of pointer to long" into
		"long *(*(*foo)())[10]", and vice versa.  Update from
		version on disk number 114. Includes source.
		Author:  Graham Ross with enhancements by David Wolverton,
			 Tony Hansen, Merlyn LeRoy, Udi Finkelstein and
			 probably others!

CLIcon		Allows you to run cli programs from the workbench, similar 
		in operation to IconExec, but more versatile.
		Author:  Bryan Ford

CloseMe		Another ingenious perversion in the screen hack category.
		Don't miss this one...surely destined to become a classic!
		Includes source.
		Author:  Charlie Gibbs

DSM		(Dynamic Sound Machine) Demo version with "Save" disabled
		of a program that will take any IFF sound or raw data and
		save it as a totally self-contained, runable program.
		Author:  Foster Hall

MRPrint		A cli-based text file printing utility with lots of nice
		features, including tab-to-space expansion, page headers,
		line numbers, margin control with line-splitting and
		pagination correction, ARP wildcard support, and auto-
		rejection of files containing binary characters. 
		Version 3.1, Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret
			
Smus3.6a	An enhanced version of the smus player that last appeared
		on disk number 58.
		Author:  John Hodgson

Sounddemos  	Some very nice demos for showing off the incredible audio
		power of the Amiga!.  100% assembly language, make sure
		you have the stereo connected for these!
		Author:  Foster Hall
   

CONTENTS OF DISK 0168
---------------------

This is the the first disk of a two disk "Matt Dillion special"
containing binaries and sources to the latest versions of a great deal
of Matt's many programs.  For a complete listing of the programs on these
two disks, see the file called "README".  Because of the nature of Matt's
programs and the need for his support libraries to recreate many of his
programs, I opted to keep these disks pretty much as Matt sent them to me,
rather than follow the usual AmigaLibDisk format of binaries and sources
in one directory.  This would have undoubtedly increased this to a three
disk set.  Please note that if you plan on recreating any of these programs,
then it is quite possible that you will need information from both disks. 
		
-Fred  ><>
 18-Nov-88

CONTENTS OF DISK 0169
---------------------

This is the the second disk of a two disk "Matt Dillion special"
containing binaries and sources to the latest versions of a great deal
of Matt's many programs.  For a complete listing of the programs on these
two disks, see the file called "README".  Because of the nature of Matt's
programs and the need for his support libraries to recreate many of his
programs, I opted to keep these disks pretty much as Matt sent them to me,
rather than follow the usual AmigaLibDisk format of binaries and sources
in one directory.  This would have undoubtedly increased this to a three
disk set.  Please note that if you plan on recreating any of these programs,
then it is quite possible that you will need information from both disks. 
		
-Fred  ><>
 18-Nov-88

CONTENTS OF DISK 0170
---------------------

Aftterm		Commmunications program utilizing IBM 3278 terminal
		emulation.  Binary only.
		Author:  Don Brereton

Dis6502		A ported 6502 disassembler with support added for C64
		binary files.  Includes source.
		Author:  Robert Bond, Amiga port by Udi Finkelstein 

FastText	Blitter based fast text rendering routines written in
		assembly.  Unique in the fact that they speed up rendering
		of non-proportional fonts of any height, and from 4-16
		pixels in width.  Source and test program included.
		Author:  Darren M. Greenwald
  
MRBackUp	A hard disk backup utility that does a file by file
		copy to standard AmigaDOS floppy disks.  Includes an
		intuition interface and file compression.  Version 2.4,
		Update to version on disk 129.  Binary only
		Author:  Mark Rinfret
		
PtrAnim		Nifty pointer animation program, includes lots of samples,
		a utility program and instructions on creating your own 
		animations.  Be sure to also read the "Disclaimer" in the 
		author's ReadMeFirst file.  Binary only, shareware
		Author:  Tim Kemp

Surf		Generates bezier surfaces of revolution.  Will produce some
		amazing pictures of wineglasses, doorknobs, or other objects
		one could turn on a lathe.  Includes the capacity to map IFF
		image files onto any surface that it can draw.  Source
		included
		Author:  Eric Davies

Turbo		Opens a small window with a gadget that when selected,
		turns off bitplane, sprite, copper and audio DMA, presumably
		to increase system speed.  Includes source.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0171
---------------------

AZComm		Modified version of Comm 1.34 that contains Zmodem send,
		receive, and resume receive.  Version 1.00, Binary only.
		Author:  SS. Patel, based on Comm 1.34 by DJ James
 
Maze		A couple of very nice demos for the creation and use of 
		single-solution mazes, one of which is practically a
		stand-alone game.  Includes source.
		Author:  Werner Gunther
	
Sozobon-C	Atari ST version of what appears to be a full K&R freeware
		C-compiler, assembler and linker.  The compiler main pass
		and the assembler were compiled and tested on an Amiga A2000
		with only minimal changes, and they appear to work (to the
		extent that they believe they are running on an Atari-ST),
		so an Amiga port should be relatively easy.	
		Author:  Sozobon, Limited.

Xoper		Very comprehensive program to monitor and control system 
		activity.  Monitor cpu, memory usage, ports, interrupts,
		devices.  Close windows, screens, show loaded fonts or last
		Guru code number.  Clean up memory, flush unused libraries,
		devices, fonts. etc. and a whole bunch more!  Spawns its own
		process.  A very handy background task to have loaded. 
		Assembly source	included.
		Author:  Werner Gunther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0172
---------------------

DataToObj	A utility to convert raw data files (sprites, image data,
		text, etc.) directly into object code which can then be 
		linked to the main program without the need to go through
		the compiling process.  Includes source.
		Author:  Werner Gunther   
		
Handshake	A full featured VT52/VT100/VT102/VT220 terminal emulator.
		The author has taken great pains to support the full VT102
		spec.  Now supports ANSI colors, screen capture and more. 
		Update to version on disk number 60.  Version 2.12a,
		binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Eric Haberfellner

MFix		A small program to insert in the startup-sequence of the
		commercial program, Marauder II, from Discovery Software,
		International.  Whenever the copy process is started, the
		rainbow screen is covered by a bare screen until the copy
		is finished.  The author claims a 25% decrease in copy time
		is achieved.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Gunn

PopInfo		A "shrinkable" workbench utility to show you some info 
		that Workbench doesn't, such as free memory on external
		devices, chip, fast, and total ram usage and more.  Version
		2.0, Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

ProCalc		A program that simulates an HP-11C programmable calculator.
		Lots of enhancements and bug fixes since the original version
		on disk number 139.  Version 1.2, binary only, shareware
		Author:  Gotz Muller

Spiff		Make controlled approximations between two files.  Similar 
		to "diff" but more versatile.  Allows for the handling of 
		numerals as string literals or numeric values with
		adjustable tolerances.  Provides for embedded commands,
		scriptfiles, and many other command-line parameters.
		Potentially very useful, but needs some Amiga-specific work.
		Source and some example files included.   
		Author:  Dan Nachbar, Bell Communications Research (BELLCORE)
		

CONTENTS OF DISK 0173
---------------------

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 146-172 using the
		crc program from disk 133.  These were made directly
		from my master disks.
		Author:  Fred Fish

FileSelect	A FileIO selector, written 100% in assembly.  Version
		1.0, includes source.
		Author:   Fabrice Lienhardt  

IffLib		A ready-to-use library to perform various manipulations
		on IFF files.  Includes a sample IFF viewer and a utility
		to save the front screen as an IFF file.
		Author:  Christian A. Weber

ILBM2C		Very useful utility for C-programmers.  Reads in a 
		standard IFF ILBM file and outputs a file that can then
		be included in your program.  Includes source and a sample
		program.
		Author:  Tim Kemp

Tetrix		A addictive game of speed, skill and luck.  Based on a game
		originally called Tetris.  The object is to fit together 
		oddly grouped falling blocks to create a solid wall, which
		is then cleared from the bottom up.  Sounds simple enough 
		right?  Sure ...!  Shareware, Version 1.1, Binary only.
		Author:  David Corbin

Uedit		Version 2.4g of this nice shareware editor.  Has learn
		mode, a command language, menu customization, and other
		user configurability and customizability features.
		Binary only, shareware, update to version on disk 121.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0174
---------------------

Castle		A simple graphics adventure game suitable for beginners.
		Binary only, but source available with a small donation to
		the author.
		Author:  H. James Fox

Iff2Sun		A small utility for those of you who may have access to a 
		Sun workstation.  Takes an Amiga IFF file and converts it to
		a Sun rasterfile format.  Source only, as the program needs
		to be re-compiled and run from a Sun.
		Authors:  Steve Berry, Mark Thompson 
  
Print1.2	Another CLI-based printing utility with several nice 
		features including the ability to print in ASCII or HEX,
		with or without line numbers and a CTRL-C Trap.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  John F. Zacharias

Sh		Another version of the 'Sh' utility to unshar shell archives.
		Apparently corrects some problems encountered by similar
		programs.  Until we can get everybody using some sort of 
		"standard", perhaps if we collect enough of these utilities,
		we will eventually find one that works with the particular 
		archive we're trying to unshar!  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Guilford

Strings		A simple utility with command-line options for locating
		strings in a binary file.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

TitlePage	Prints banner-type title pages for identifying listings.
		Lots of command-line options for specifying various fonts,
		pitches, typestyles, selectable centering, etc.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Tunnel		An interesting graphics demo written in TDI-Modula 2.
		I suggest you don't stare at this too long!  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Garth Thornton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0175
---------------------

Elements	Very nice interactive display of the the Periodic Table 
		of Elements.  Can display a large amount of pertinent
		data about a selected element along with a good deal of 
		general and miscellaneous info.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

Furnish		For those of you who may have ever used the "scale size cut
		and place" method of determining your next living-room 
		arrangement, this Amiga-ized version may be just what you 
		need.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Terry Gintz 		

Plot		Program to compute and plot 3 dimensional functions.
		Major revision to PD version on disk number 49 by the 
		same author.  Version 4.1, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

SafeBoot	Very handy intuition-based program to read and save 
		custom bootblocks.  The bootblock can then be later 
		restored should the disk become virus-infected.
		Version 2.2, binary only.
		Author:  Mark Lanoux

SendMorse	Brush up on your morse code with this simple program 
		that will read an input textfile and output the characters
		at an adjustable rate.
		Author:  Joe Larson
  
VirusX		Version 3.10 of the popular virus detection/vaccination
		program.  Features a test for the new IRQ virus, among
		others, and a new "Kill Virus" utility.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

WBDepth		CLI program that allows you to change the number of bitplanes
		for the WB screen on the fly.  Very useful for A500 and A2000
		users with kickstart in ROM.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andry Rachmat	
	
Zippy		A "Graphical Shell".  Opens a medium-size window and 
		attaches a menu-strip for performing all sort of disk/data 
		manipulations.  Features script files allowing you to attach
		custom menu selections as you move between directories.
		Also included is an intuition based utility for altering
		FileInfo data.  (filename, filenote, RWED attributes, etc.)
		Version 2.5, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Weiblen
 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0176
---------------------

This disk contains version V23-2A of Glenn Everhart's large and powerful
spreadsheet program called AnalytiCalc, submitted to me directly by
Glenn for inclusion in the library as an update to the version released
on disk 144. AnalytiCalc is presented in entirely ZOOed form because it
could not otherwise fit on a single disk. Because the auxiliary utilities
were presented on disk 144, they are not repeated here.

The ZOO utility is used due to the lack of controversy over the format. The
public domain BOOZ program is provided to extract the contents of the ZOO
archives provided.

With this release, AnalytiCalc has become "Freeware" rather than "Shareware".
Thus the only restrictions on AnalytiCalc code are that derivative programs
remain freely distributable.

HyperNet	HyperNet is a small hypertext shell program for Amiga,
		presented with sources and brief documents. It was also
		submitted by Glenn Everhart, the author. HyperNet allows a
		"master" AmigaDos process to control a series of connected
		processes, where the connections are randomly ordered directed
		graphs. Permissible "child" processes available at any stage
		are governed by the links of the graph. The implementation is
		mainly instructive, but can be used for tutorials or
		demonstrations and illustrates the simplicity of hypertext
		concepts on a multi-tasking system.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0177
---------------------

ASpice		A version of the SPICE 2G.6 circuit analysis program
		which has been modified to run in the Amiga environment.
		The program arrays are adjusted to require one forth the
		memory of the DEC VAX version.  Although this does not
		usually put much of a constraint on circuit analysis,
		some users who are used to the full mainframe environment
		may have to be more aware of the memory demands of their
		analysis.  Requires a minimum  of 1.5 MB memory.  This
		version neither supports nor requires the 68020 processor
		or 68881 coprocessor.  Binary only.
		Authors:  Many, see Documentation

DiskSalv	Version 1.32 of the popular "undelete" and file recovery
		program.  Fixes a few bugs apparently found on the version
		1.3 release on disk number 164.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

Jask		An intuition-based replacement for the ASK command.  Will
		bring up a requester with a message and boolean yes/no
		type gadgets.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  John Barshinger

Marge		A simple CLI utility to add a specified number of spaces or
		tabs to the left side of every line in a file.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Path		An interesting concept in path-searching.  This program
		contains a path-handler that allows you	to selectively
		control or assign your system's search path using script
		files.  Includes source.
		Author:  Rico Mariani

CONTENTS OF DISK 0178
---------------------

AmicForm	Creates a phonebook containing only those areacodes and
		exchanges reachable through PC-Pursuit.  Update to the
		version on disk number 157.  Works with the new Finalist
		BBS format.  Version 1.4, Binary only.
		Author:  John Motsinger

BlackBox	The black box is an 8x8 grid in which several "atoms" are
		hidden.  Your job is to find the atoms.  You have at your
		disposal a ray projector which you can use to send rays
		into the box from any of the 32 spots around the box.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Tim Kemp

CIATimer	Two versions of ciatimer routines to provide precise
		timing for applications requiring a high-accuracy
		real-time clock.  Includes source and a sample 
		executable.
		Author:  Karl Lehenbauer, based on the original
			 version by Paul Higginbottom
		
Cosmic		An interstellar multiplayer game of War and Peace.  From
		the looks of the documentation file, it appears fairly 
		extensive!  Version 1.01, includes source.
		Author:  Carl Edman

Ls		Version 2.0 of the popular UNIX style directory lister.
		Revised for Lattice 5.0 and made 1.3 compatible.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Justin V. McCormick. 

RemLib		Removes a specified library (if currently unused)
		or displays some information about all available
		libraries.  Update to version on disk number 139.
		Version 1.11, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Heiko Rath

RexxArpLib	Version 2.0 of the rexxarplib.library, which has grown
		considerably, with substantial intuition interface
		support.  Also included is a large number of ARexx macros.
		Author:  W.G.J. Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0179
---------------------

DietAid		Diet planning aid to allow the user to compile lists
		of ingredients (recipes) and automatically compute
		calorie totals, etc.  Update to version on disk number
		36.  Version 3.1, binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

Dmake		Beta release of Matt's version of the UNIX make utility.
		Features multiple dependancies, wildcard support, and more.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillion 
		
Excption	Exception is a set of error handling routines that provide
		a programmer with the ability to easily handle often
		difficult to implement routines.  Routines such as no more
		memory,	file not open, read/write error....etc.  Version
		0.6, includes source.
		Author:  Gerald T Hewes

KickFont	For A-1000 owners, will permanently replace the topaz font
		on the kickstart disk with a font called "look".  Includes
		a sample in the form of an IFF picture.  Version 3.0, binary
		only.  Also included is Benjamin Fuller's freely
		redistributable 'SumKick' program.
		Author:  Greg Browne 

Launch		Sample program showing how you can load and execute a
		program in the workbench environment, then return to the
		CLI.  Includes source.
		Author:  Peter da Silva  

Regexp		A nearly-public-domain reimplementation of the V8 regexp(3)
		package. Gives C programs the ability to use egrep-style
		regular expressions, and does it in a much cleaner fashion
		than the analogous routines in SysV.  Includes source.
		Author:  Henry Spencer

TSnip		Very nice "cut and paste" type utility with lots of uses
		and functions.  Features a pop-up intuition control panel,
		multiple font and color recognition, clipboard and pipe
		support and a couple of utility programs. Version 1.4a,
		source for support programs only.
		Author:  John Russell  

UnixUtil	A few CLI utilities, including some functionally similiar
		to the UNIX utilities of the same names.  Included are: 
		Wc, Head, Tail, Tee, Detab, Entab, and Trunc.  Descriptions
		are given in the included '.doc' files. 
		Author:  Gary Brant

CONTENTS OF DISK 0180
---------------------

Browser		A programmer's "Workbench".  Allows you to easily and
		conveniently move, copy, rename, and delete files &
		directories from a CLI environment.  Also provides a
		method to execute either Workbench or CLI programs.	
		Version 1.6, update to version on disk number 134, 
		binary only.
		Author:  Peter da Silva

GeoTime		A couple of interesting "clock" type programs based on the 
		"Geochron".  Observe the earth's shadow scroll across
		a map or globe in real-time, based on the system clock.
		Version 1.0, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Mike Smithwick
		
GPrint		A black & white graphics print utility for Epson compatible
		printers. (The author's letter to me was quite impressive!)
		Command-line options allow several different print qualities
		and densities.  Includes a couple of sample IFF files for 
		printing.  Version 2.03, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Peter Cherna

Jed		A nicely done, intuition-based editor that is quite
		user-friendly.  Features word-wrap, auto-indent, newcli,
		alt buffer, split-window, keyboard macro, help, printing,
		and more.  Version 1.0, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Dan Burris

NoVirus		Another Anti-Virus utility.  This one features known and
		new virus detection, view boot block, save and restore
		bootblocks, several "Install" options and more.  Written 
		in assembly.  Version 1.56, binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

RepString	Nice little CLI utility to replace any type of string in
		any type of file with another string of any type.
		Version 1.0, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Luciano Bertato
 
TrekTrivia	Very nice mouse-driven trivia type program for Star Trek 
		fans.  Contains 100 questions with additional trivia disks
		available from the author.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  George Broussard 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0181
---------------------

AMXLISP		Amiga-ized version of the XLisp interpreter originally
		by David Betz.  Version 2.00, includes source.
		Author:  David Betz; Amiga work by Francois Rouaix 

Bally		Amiga port of the former arcade game named Click.  This
		version completely lacks sound effects, which shall
		come in later updates.  Version 0.1, binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

Tracker		Useful debugging routines similar in function but more
		versatile to those of "MemTrace" on disk number 163.
		Will track and report on calls to AllocMem(), FreeMem()
		[or lack thereof!] among others.  Version 0.0a (Alpha
		release).
		Author:  Karl Lehenbauer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0182
---------------------

AMC		"Amiga Message Center".  Scrolls a message from a text
		file across the screen on a colorful background.  
		Similar to the "greetings" programs developed by 
		European Amiga enthusiasts.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Foster Hall

Edimap		A keymap editor.  Allows you to read in an existing
		keymap file, modify it to suit your needs, and save
		it as a ready-to-use keymap.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:	 Gilles Gamesh	
	
HR136		An IFF file containing a chart showing every possible 
		mixture of the sixteen basic palette colors.  Also
		included are optimized and monochrome palettes along 
		with several tips and techniques for using them with 
		various paint programs.
		Author:  Dick Bourne 

Iconmerger	Intuition-based program to take any two brush files
		and merge them into an alternate-image type icon.
		Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

Sam		Another IFF sound player with several command-line
		options.  Includes several samples.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson	
		
SetFont		Allows you to change the system font with various
		command-line options.  Cleans up all known bugs in
		V2.0 released on disk number 75.  Version 2.5,
		includes source in C++.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

CONTENTS OF DISK 0183
---------------------

FixFd		A utility for Amiga assembly programmers.  FixFd will 
		read a '.FD' file and output a file that can be 
		'INCLUDE'ed rather than having to link with the 
		colossal 'Amiga.Lib'.  Version 1.0, includes source in
		assembly.
		Author:  Peter Wyspianski

Mklib		Another example of building a shared library that 
		evolved from "Elib" on disk number 87.  Also included
		is a library, Edlib, which contains several functions
		not included in the Manx standard libraries.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Edwin Hoogerbeets with C-functions from several
			 different authors

PCQ		A subset implementation of a freely-redistributable
		Pascal compiler.  Supports include files, external
		references, records, enumerated types, pointers, arrays,
    		strings and more.  Presently does not support range
		types, the 'with' statement or sets.  Version 1.0,
		includes source and sample programs.
		Author:  Patrick Quaid
		

CONTENTS OF DISK 0184
---------------------

BI		A small brush to to C-code image converter, intended to
		be used from CLI.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

CardMaker	A programmer's aid for creating card image data that can
		be used in any card game that uses the standard 52 card
		deck.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

DPS		Demo version of a program that will allow you to take
		any IFF file and save it as a totally self-contained
		executable file, without the need for any IFF-viewers.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Foster Hall

MouseUtil	Intuition based program to allow you to change your mouse
		speed without having to go through preferences.  Version 
		1.1, includes assembly source.
		Author:  Luciano Bertato

Print		Small print utility designed to replace the "copy
		<filename> to prt:" command.  Opens a window displaying
		the filename being printed, length, and a status bar
		showing percent completed.  Also includes an abort
		gadget.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Luciano Bertato

VacBench	This amusing little screen hack will "clean up" your
		WorkBench screen for you when it gets too cluttered!
		Binary only.
		Author:  Randy Jouett

World		A text adventure game similar to the Infocom adventures
		of Planetfall and Starcross.  Quite large with a 
		tremendous variety of responses.  Version 1.02,
		includes source.
		Author:  Doug Mcdonald, Amiga port by Eric Kennedy 
		

CONTENTS OF DISK 0185
---------------------

This is a copy of the official November 1988 Commodore IFF disk, sent
to me directly by Commodore for inclusion in the library.  The only
changes I made were:

	(1)	Placed all the files in the "documents" directory
		into a zoo file "documents.zoo" to free up enough
		space to add my normal distribution files and icons.
		Some of the files on the disk were already in zoo 
		format anyway, so this seems like a minor alteration.

	(2)	Changed the file "AboutThisRelease" to reflect the
		zoo'ing of the documents.

	(3)	Rearranged the icons to make room for my additional
		icons.

-Fred

CONTENTS OF DISK 0186
---------------------

A68k		A 68000 assembler originally written in Modula-2 in
		1985 and converted to C by Charlie Gibb in 1987.  Has
		been converted to accept metacomco-compatible assembler
		source code and to generate Amiga objects.  Includes source.
		This is version 2.42, an update to the version on disk 110.
		Author:  Brian Anderson; C translation and Amiga work
			 done by Charlie Gibb

Cards'O'Rama	A simple game that let's you push your memory.  It is played
		with a deck of 32 cards, grouped in 16 pairs.  The cards are
		shuffled and then displayed at the beginning of each game.
		Your goal is to pick up as many pairs as you can, until 
		there are no cards left on the screen.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Werther Pirani

Qt2		A cute program that gives the time the way many people
		actually do, I.E. "it's nearly ten to five".  Includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Charlie Gibb

SimCPM		A CP/M simulator for the Amiga.  Simulates an 8080
		along with H19 terminal emulation.  Includes source.
		This is version 2.3, an update to version on disk 109.
		Author:  Jim Cathey; Amiga port by Charlie Gibbs and
			 Willi Kusche

CONTENTS OF DISK 0187
---------------------

Diskperf	A disk benchmark program which runs on both Unix and the
		Amiga.  This is an update to the version on disk 48, with
		bug fixes and more reliable measurements of the faster
		read and write speeds available under the new Fast
		File System.
		Author:  Rick Spanbauer, enhancements by Joanne Dow

HackLite	This is the latest version the Amiga port of Hack,
		with lots of Amiga specific enhancements and neat
		graphics.  Now includes an easy to use installation
		program.  This is HackLite version 1.0.0, binary only.
		Author:  Software Distillery

Mackie		A versatile cli/macro-key initiator based on POPCLI with
		a unique method	of "screen-blanking".  I won't say more,
		just try it!  Version 1.13, includes source.  This is
		an update to version 1.1 from disk 161.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

SetCPU		A program designed to allow the user to detect and modify
		various parameters related to 32 bit CPUs.  Includes
		commands to enable or disable the text/data caches,
		switch on or off the '030 burst cache line fill request,
		use the MMU to run a ROM image from 32-bit memory, and
		to report various parameters when called from a script.
		This is version 1.4, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

CONTENTS OF DISK 0188
---------------------

BootIntro	This program creates a small intro on the bootblock of any
		disk, which will appear after you insert the disk for
		booting.  The headline can be up to 20 characters.  The
		scrolling text portion can be up to 225 characters.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin
 
DiffDir		Diffdir compares the contents of two directories, reporting
		on differences such as files present in only one directory,
		different modification dates, file flags, sizes, comments,
		etc.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

ExecDis		A disassembler comment generator program for the 1.2
		Kickstart ROM exec library image.  Generates a commented
		disassembly of the exec library.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Markus Wandel

FastGro		A fractal program, simulating Diffusion-Limited Aggregation
		(DLA) as described in the December 1988 Scientific American
		in the Computer Recreations column.  This program is about
		an order of magnitude faster than the "SLO GRO" program
		described in Scientific American.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Doug Houck

FracGen		A fractal generator program that generates fractal
		pictures from "seeds" that you create.  This is
		unlike any of the other "fractal generators" I've
		seen.  It can be used to load and display previously
		created fractal pictures, modify existing fractals,
		or create your own fractals.  Version 1.23, binary
		only, update to version on disk 142.
		Author:  Doug Houck

MemoryClock	A clock program that shows the amount of free fast ram,
		free chip ram, as well as the time and date.  Includes
		source in assembly code.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

MinRexx		A simple ARexx interface which can be easily patched into
		almost any program.  Includes as an example the freedraw
		program from disk number 1.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

Null		A new dos device that behaves like "NIL:" but unlike
		"NIL:", it is a real handler.  This makes it useful
		in lots of situations where "NIL:" cannot be used.
		Version 0.0, includes source.
		Author:  Gunnar Nordmark

TextDisplay	A text display program, like "more" or "less", but about
		half the size and handles all screen formats (pal/ntsc,
		interlace/non-interlace, etc).  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0189
---------------------

Mackie		A versatile cli/macro-key initiator based on POPCLI with
		a unique method	of "screen-blanking".  I won't say more,
		just try it!  Version 1.20, includes source.  This is
		an update to version 1.13 from disk 187.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

NetHack		This is part 1 of a two part distribution of NetHack,
		which was too large to fit on a single disk, even when
		zoo'd.  Part 2 is on disk 190.  Both parts, along with
		zoo to unpack them, are required to use or rebuild
		NetHack.  This is version 2.3, and includes source.  
		Author:  Various; Amiga work by Olaf Seibert

Uedit		Version 2.4g of this nice shareware editor.  Has learn
		mode, a command language, menu customization, and other
		user configurability and customizability features.
		Binary only, shareware, replaces beta 2.4g version
		on disk 173.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0190
---------------------

GaryIcons	A collection of more interesting and useful icons.
		Author:  Gary Roseman

ILBM2Image	Takes an IFF picture and generates a C source module
		which can be compiled and linked with your program to
		display the picture with the intuition DrawImage
		function.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Green

NetHack		This is part 2 of a two part distribution of NetHack,
		which was too large to fit on a single disk, even when
		zoo'd.  Part 1 is on disk 189.  Both parts, along with
		zoo to unpack them, are required to use or rebuild
		NetHack.  This is version 2.3, and includes source.  
		Author:  Various; Amiga work by Olaf Seibert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0191
---------------------

BlitLab		Blitlab is a program which lets you experiment with
		the blitter, to your hearts content, in relative safety.
		It opens a workbench window with gadgets for all the 
		registers of the blitter, and allows you to manipulate
		individual registers and perform blits on a magnified
		bitmap.  This is version 1.4, an update to the version
		released on disk number 84.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

Blk		A requester making tool employing various recursive
		algorithms including a recursive parser.  It takes input
		text files and converts them to C-source for including as
		requester declarations.  This is an update to the version
		released on disk 152, with many enhancements.  Includes
		source.
		Author: Stuart Ferguson

FileBootBlock	This simple little program reads blocks 0 and 1 of a
		bootable disk and saves them as a program file that can
		be run (heaven forbid) or disassembled by programs like
		DIS or DSM.  Includes source in assembly code.
		Author:  John Veldthuis

ISpell		A port of a Unix version of a freely distributable
		screen oriented, interactive, spelling checker.
		This is an update to the version released on disk 54,
		with enhancements by Tomas Rokicki.  Version 2.0.02,
		includes source.  
		Author:  Pace Willisson; enhancements by Tomas Rokicki

Pz15		Computer version of those cheap plastic puzzles with
		15 white tiles numbered 1 through 15 and an empty square
		in a 4 by 4 arrangement.  This one is more challenging
		since you can't solve it by just prying out the pieces.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Hall

CONTENTS OF DISK 0192
---------------------

Eval		This package allows you to manipulate expressions.
		Currently its two main functions are evaluation and
		differentiation.  It also does some basic simplifica-
		tions (based on pattern matching) to make the result
		of a differentiation more presentable.  Includes source.
		Author:  David Gay

PacMan87	This is a nice little "pacman like" game with some new
		features like fire pits, stabbing knives, electric arcs
		and flame throwers, that must be avoided.  Has three levels
		of difficulty, easy, medium, and hard.  Sounds can be
		toggled on or off.  Keeps a record of the top ten scores.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Jacobs and Jim Boyd

ReSourceDemo	A demo version of ReSource, an interactive disassembler
		for the Amiga.  This is a complete version except that
		the "save" features have been disabled.  Version 0.36,
		binary only.
		Author:  Glen McDiarmid

CONTENTS OF DISK 0193
---------------------

KeyMapEd	Allows you to change the KeyMaps used with SetMap.
		This is a full featured editor providing support for
		normal, string and dead keys.  The keyboard represented
		is from an A2000/A500 but it is fully compatible with
		A1000 keyboards.  Version 1.02, includes source.
		Author:  Tim Friest

Zc		This is a modified version of the Sozobon C compiler
		from disk 171.  It has been modified to generate code
		compatible with the A68k assembler from disk 186 and
		a new frontend control program makes it easy to use
		like the UNIX "cc" frontend.  Version 1.01, includes
		source.
		Author:  Johann Ruegg; Amiga work by Joe Montgomery

CONTENTS OF DISK 0194
---------------------

Moria		A single player dungeon simulation.  The object of the
		game is to defeat the Balrog, which lurks in the deepest
		levels of the dungeon.  You begin at the town level above
		the dungeon, where you may acquire supplies, weapons, armor,
		and magical devices by bartering with various shop owners,
		before descending into the dungeon to do battle.  Amiga
		enhancements include pull down menus, graphics mode, pickup
		mode, a continuous move mode, a real time mode, a message
		wait time mode, as well as other modifications to improve
		overall playability and to take advantage of the unique
		features of the Amiga.  Version 3.0, binary only, requires
		at least 1Mb of memory.
		Author:  Robert Alan Koeneke and others.  Amiga version
			 by Richard Henderson and others.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0195
---------------------

MicroEMACS	Version 3.10 of Daniel Lawrence's variant of Dave
		Conroy's microemacs.  This is an update to the version
		released on disk 119.  New features include multiple
		marks, more function key support, a better crypt algorithm,
		and end-of-word command, a command line switch for setting
		environment variables, new hooks for macros, a command
		to strip trailing whitespace, internationalization
		features like foreign language message support, horizontal
		window scrolling, much faster search algorithm, Amiga
		intuition support, and more.  Includes source and extensive
		online documentation.
		Author:  Dave Conroy, MANY enhancements by Daniel Lawrence

CONTENTS OF DISK 0196
---------------------

HamPics		These are some of the most stunning digitized pictures
		yet for the Amiga.  They were scanned at a resolution
		of 4096 by 2800 pixels, 36-bits per pixel, on an
		Eikonix 1435 slide scanner, cropped, gamma corrected,
		scaled, and converted to Amiga IFF HAM files.  They are
		displayed with a special ILBM loader that handles
		overscan HAM images.  Includes source for the display
		program.
		Author:  Jonathan Hue

CONTENTS OF DISK 0197
---------------------

CTags		Create a tags file from the specified C, Pascal, Fortran,
		YACC, lex, or lisp sources.  A tags file can be used
		by a cooperating editor to quickly locate specified
		objects in a program's source code.  Berkeley version
		4.7, includes source.
		Author:  Ken Arnold, Jim Kleckner, and Bill Joy
			 Ported to Amiga by G. R. (Fred) Walter

Find		Find is a utility which searches for files that satisfy
		a given boolean expression of attributes, starting from
		a root pathname and searching recursively down through
		the hierarchy of the file system.  Very much like the
		Unix find program.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		This is an update to version 1.0 on disk 134.
		Author:  Rodney Lewis

FixHunk		A program to modify executable files to allow them to
		run in external memory.  It forces all DATA and BSS hunks
		in the file to be loaded into CHIP memory.  CODE hunks will
		still load into FAST ram if available.  New features
		include an interactive mode to select where each DATA or
		BSS hunk will load into memory, support for overlays,
		support for AC BASIC compiled programs, and support for
		new hunk types as used by "blink".  Version 2.1, binary
		only.  This is an update to version 1.2a on disk 36.
		Author: D.J. James

Nro		Another roff style text formatter.  This is version 1.5,
		an update to the version released on disk 79.  New features
		include generation of ANSI/ISO codes for bold, italics, and
		underline, more than one formatting command on a line,
		longer macro names, and many more formatting commands.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Unknown, posted to usenet by Alan Vymetalik
			 Many enhancements by Olaf Seibert

Stevie		A public domain clone of the UNIX 'vi' editor.  Supports
		window-sizing, arrow keys, and the help key.  Version
		3.35a, includes source. This is an update to version
		3.10a on disk 166.
		Author: Various, Amiga work by G. R. (Fred) Walter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0198
---------------------

Charon		Charon is Bradley's entry for the First Annual Badge
		Killer Demo Contest.  The text of the demo was written
		by Lord Dunsany (long before the Amiga).   Bradley
		created the illustrations and animation.  The sound
		track is a traditional Scottish tune "The Arran Boat".
		Author:  Lord Dunsany (1915), Bradley Schenck (1988)

CONTENTS OF DISK 0199
---------------------

ASimplex	An implementation of the Simplex algorithm for solving
		linear programs.  It uses the standardized MPSX-format
		for input data files.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Forster

Csh		Version 3.02a of a csh like shell derived from Matt
		Dillon's shell, version 2.07.  Includes many new or
		improved commands, some bug fixes, etc.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Steve Drew, Carlo Borreo, Cesare Dieni

MIDIsoft	A program to transfer sound samples between the Amiga
		and a Roland S-220.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Dieter Bruns

Pyro		A screen blanking program that goes beyond the normal
		blanking process.  When there are no input events, pyro
		takes over and starts a little fireworks display in
		color.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Jacobs and Jim Boyd

SnipDemo	Demo version 1.23 of signal processing program sold
		by Digital Dynamics.  Binary only.
		Author:  John Hodgson

Viewer		A very small program for displaying IFF pictures
		of any resolution.  This one is written in assembly
		code and is only 988 bytes long.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mike McKittrick

CONTENTS OF DISK 0200
---------------------

NotBoingAgain	This is Dr. Gandalf's entry for the First Annual
		Badge Killer Demo Contest.  It is an interlaced
		HAM animation with nicely integrated sound effects.
		It is a great visual pun on the original Boing
		demo, but to say anymore would ruin the effect.
		Binary only, requires 1 Mb of memory.
		Author:  Dr. Gandalf (Eric J. Fleischer, MD)

Tank		This is Vincent's entry for the First Annual Badge
		Killer Demo Contest.  It is an animation of a
		"fishtank simulator", with sound effects and a cute
		twist.  Binary only.
		Author:  Vincent H. Lee

CONTENTS OF DISK 0201
---------------------

Draco		Update to Chris Gray's Draco distribution for the Amiga.
		Enhancements include support for floating point, register
		variables, more optimization, improved call/return
		standard, etc.  This is version 1.2, an update to the
		version on disk 76.  Requires documentation from disk 77
		to complete the distribution kit.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Gray

DropCloth	DropCloth lets you place a pattern, a 2 bitplane IFF
		image or a combination of a pattern and image, into
		the WorkBench backdrop.  This is version 2.4, an update
		to version 2.2 on disk 128.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Eric Lavitsky

CONTENTS OF DISK 0202
---------------------

SlavicFonts	A whole bunch of new fonts from Robin LaPasha.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  Robin LaPasha

Vlt		VLT is both a VT100 emulator and a Tektronix (4014 plus
		subset of 4105) emulator, currently in use at SLAC
		(Stanford Linear Accelerator Center).  Although the VT100
		part was originally based on Dave Wecker et al.'s VT100,
		many enhancements were made. The program requires ARP, and
		it has an ARexx port.  XMODEM 1K/CRC and Kermit protocol
		support also included.  Version 3.656, binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0203
---------------------

Examples	Assembly and C code examples, including some old
		favorites (like speechtoy and yachtc3) downcoded to
		assembly language.  Includes a replacement for the
		official audio device, an example of creating a
		subtask, a rewrite in assembly of R. J. Mical's
		file requester, an example of installing a custom
		input handler ahead of intuition, and more.
		Author:  Jim Fiore and Jeff Glatt

GurusGuide	The source files for all examples published in the
		"Guru's Guide, Meditation #1: Interrupts" by Carl
		Sassenrath, the architect of the Amiga's low-level
		multitasking operating system and designer of Exec.
		Author:  Carl Sassenrath

Isam		A library of routines to access relational data base
		systems using the Index Sequential Access Method (ISAM).
		This is beta version 0.9, binary only.
		Author:  Kai Oliver Ploog

CONTENTS OF DISK 0204
---------------------

FileReq		A simple file requestor, written as an exercise by the
		author to see how easy it would be (it wasn't).  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

GnuGrep		The grep program from the GNU project.  Replaces grep
		fgrep, egrep, and bmgrep.  Currently does not expand
		Amiga style wildcards, so if you wish to scan multiple
		files you will need to use it with a shell that does this
		for you.  Version 1.3, includes source.
		Author:  Mike Haertel, James Woods, Arthur Olson, Richard
                         Stallman, Doug Gwyn, Scott Anderson, Henry Spencer

HAMCu		Installs a custom copper list for the current active view
		(usually workbench) that contains all the colours from 0x000
		to 0xfff.  A neat effect and an easy way to show off the
		color capabilities of the Amiga.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

Image-Ed	An shareware icon editor submitted by the author for
		inclusion in the library.  Suggested shareware donation
		of $20.  Version 1.8, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

JPClock		A short clock program that is just packed with features.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

MouseBounce	A short hack/game that makes your mouse pointer bounce
		around the screen.  The object is to close the MouseBounce
		window and exit the game.  Each time you click the mouse
		button, the pointer speeds up.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

PopDir		A small utility which "pops open" to help you look at the
		contents of a particular directory on demand.  Version 1.4,
		includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

PopInfo		A small utility which "pops open" to give you information
		about the status of your devices and memory.  Version 2.9,
		includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

Teacher		Teacher is a short, simple hack.  I won't spoil the fun
		by telling you what it does.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0205
---------------------

Bally		Amiga port of the former arcade game named Click.  This
		version now has sound effects.  Version II, an update to
		the version released on disk 181.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

BattleForce	A nicely done shareware game, submitted by the author,
		that simulates combat between two or more giant, robot-like
		machines.  Binary only, version 3.01.
		Author:  Ralph Reed

Chess		A port of a chess game posted to Usenet.  This is an update
		to the version first included on disk 96.  It has been
		upgraded to use an Amiga Intuition interface.  Version 2.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  John Stanback; ported to Amiga by Bob Leivian
			 Version 2.0 upgrades by Alfred Kaufmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0206
---------------------

All of this material is from the 1988 Badge Killer Demo Contest.

Brownian	A demo based on both fractal theory and brownian motion.
		Includes source.
		Author:  John M. Olsen

Hawk		A stereo image of a hawk.  Requires red/green stereo
		glasses to view.
		Author:  Unknown (no documentation included)

MemFlick	Treats all the memory in your Amiga like it was part of
		a bitplane inside a graphics display.  Provides sort of a
		graphical picture of your memory usage.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jim Webster

PeX		A demo of the various graphics capabilities of the Amiga.
		Author:  Unknown (no documentation included)

PictureGarden	Another demo, apparently in compiled basic.
		Author:  Unknown (no documentation included)

StereoDemo	A demo of stereoscopic graphics, written in assembly
		language.  Requires red/green stereo glasses to view.
		Includes sources.
		Author:  David M. McKinstry

Triple		Three demos of some of the Amiga's graphics and sound
		capabilities.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

CONTENTS OF DISK 0207
---------------------

Coyote		Gene's entry to the 1988 Badge Killer Demo contest.
		A very cute (and large) animation.  Requires about
		1900 blocks of disk space, so it is distributed in
		"arc format".
		Author:  Gene Brawn

CONTENTS OF DISK 0208
---------------------

AsteroidField	This is Michael's entry for the 1988 Badge Killer Demo
		Contest.  It is a large animation of a spacecraft flying
		madly through an asteroid field (chased by unseen foes)
		that includes a couple of near misses.
		Author:  Michael Powell

CONTENTS OF DISK 0209
---------------------

Bowl		This is Vern's entry for the 1988 Badge Killer Demo
		Contest.  It is a Sculpt-Animate animation that shows
		three colored balls flying in circles above a mirrored
		bowl.  Rendering the animation took about 2 weeks.
		Distributed in zoo format because of its size (zoo
		program included for easy unpacking).
		Author:  Vern Staats

Dps		A program designed to work with the PrintScript program,
		a commercial PostScript interpreter for the Amiga, to
		provide a page previewer.  This is version 1.1 and includes
		source.
		Author:  Allen Norskog

CONTENTS OF DISK 0210
---------------------

Calc		A very nicely done scientific/programmer/plotter calculator.
		The scientific portion has most of the operations found on
		the more popular handhelds. The programmer portion has all
		the special hex/binary/decimal conversions as well as
		register operations like ASL, ROL, LSL, AND, OR, XOR, etc.
		The plotter portion will plot equations.  Other features
		include 26 memories, full mouse or keyboard operation,
		pull-down menus, and iconization.  Version 3.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jimmy Yang

LabelPrint	A program that allows you to easily print labels for
		your disks.  Version 1.9, shareware, binary only (source
		available from author).
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

NuHand		An animation of a hand with fingernails scrapeing on a
		desktop, including sound effects.  This is Bryan's entry
		for the 1988 Badge Killer Demo Contest.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bryan Carey Gallivan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0211
---------------------

AmigaWave	This is Allen's entry to the 1988 Badge Killer Demo
		Contest.  It is an animation with sound effects.
		Author:  Allen Hastings

Esperanto	A keymap modification to usa1 which, in conjunction with
		the supplied slate.font, will allow one to type in Esperanto
		and Welsh, in any program that will use keymaps and fonts.
		Author:  Glyn Gowing

Image-Ed	An shareware icon editor submitted by the author for
		inclusion in the library.  Suggested shareware donation
		of $20.  Version 1.9, binary only.  Fixes a serious bug
		in the 1.8 version on disk 204.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

SignFont	A keymap and font that will allow the user to be able
		to type in American Sign Language, provided that one
		knows the font.
		Author:  Glyn Gowing

VirusControl	A new virus detection and control program that checks
		disks during insertion, protects from link viruses,
		shows bootblock on a screen, periodically checks system
		vectors, controls access to files with a requester, etc.
		Version 1.3, includes full assembly language source code.
		Author:  Pius Nippgen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0212
---------------------

Alice		This animation is Carey's entry to the 1988 Badge
		Killer Demo Contest.
		Author:  Carey T. Pelto

DiskSalv	A disk recovery program for all Amiga file system devices
		that use either the Amiga Standard File System or the
		Amiga Fast File System.  Disksalv creates a new filesystem
		structure on another device, with as much data salvaged from
		the original device as possible.  This is an update to the
		version released on disk 177.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

DogsWorld	This animation is Charles' entry to the 1988 Badge
		Killer Demo Contest.
		Author:  Charles Voner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0213
---------------------

Cucug		This animation of the Champaign-Urbana Commodore Users
		Group logo was submitted to the 1988 Badge Killer Demo
		Contest by Ed Serbe.
		Author:  Ed Serbe

Icons		Almost 300 icons in eight (!) colors.  Uses a special
		program to get an eight color workbench to display these
		icons, which were made with DPaintII and IconGen.  Most
		icons are miniatures of the main screen of their
		corresponding programs, or the picture they show, made
		with "iconize" and "recolor" from disk 85.
		Author:  Wolf-Peter Dehnick

CONTENTS OF DISK 0214
---------------------

ArcPrep		ArcPrep prepares files and/or directories for archival
		with arc or any other program that can't scan through
		different directories and/or handle long filenames.
		Version 2.1, includes source.
		Author:  Garry Glendown

MandelVroom	A Mandelbrot/Julia-curve generating program that features
		five numerical generators (integer, ffp, ieee, 020, and 
		020/881) in hand-crafted assembly for maximum speed, online
		mouse selectable help for all functions, generation of
		multiple pictures simultaneously, a sophisticated user
		interface with shaded gadgets, etc.  Some of the other
		features include zoom, magnify, color-cycling, contouring,
		auto-contouring, histogram, statistics, presets, extra-
		halfbrite support, overscan, orbits, pan mode, and more.
		Requires 1Mb or more of memory.  This is the source to
		version 2.0, an update to the version on disk 78.  A
		compiled binary, along with help files and example
		images, can be found on disk 215.
		Author:  Kevin Clague

MemDiag		A memory diagnostic program to identify addresses which
		produce memory errors, and a memory quarantine program
		which removes such defective addresses from the system's
		free memory list, until such time as the hardware errors
		can be corrected.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Fabbian Dufoe

RunBack		Another step in the evolution of Rob Peck's RunBackGround
		program, from disks 73 and 152.  Allows you to start a new
		CLI program and run it in the background, then closes the
		new CLI.  This version has been enhanced to use the NULL:
		device by Gunnar Nordmark (included), which is a "real"
		device, so it solves problems with previous versions of
		RunBack which used the Nil: "fake" device, causing many
		crashes.  Includes source.
		Author:  Rob Peck, Daniel Barrett, Tim Maffett

SmartIcon	This shareware program, submitted by the author,
		is an Intuition objects iconifier.  Version 1.0
		is limited to iconifying windows, which is still
		very handy.  It adds a new "iconify gadget" to
		each window, that when clicked on, iconifies the
		window into an icon in the ram: disk.  This is the
		same version as released on disk 134, but now includes
		the source code.
		Author:  Gauthier Groult

CONTENTS OF DISK 0215
---------------------

MandelVroom	A Mandelbrot/Julia-curve generating program that features
		five numerical generators (integer, ffp, ieee, 020, and 
		020/881) in hand-crafted assembly for maximum speed, online
		mouse selectable help for all functions, generation of
		multiple pictures simultaneously, a sophisticated user
		interface with shaded gadgets, etc.  Some of the other
		features include zoom, magnify, color-cycling, contouring,
		auto-contouring, histogram, statistics, presets, extra-
		halfbrite support, overscan, orbits, pan mode, and more.
		Requires 1Mb or more of memory.  This is version 2.0,
		an update to the version on disk 78.  Source is available
		on disk 214.
		Author:  Kevin Clague

CONTENTS OF DISK 0216
---------------------

BackDrop	Backdrop allows you to define a pattern which will then
		be displayed on the workbench screen in the normally 
		empty area behind all the windows.  Similar in concept
		to DropCloth, but this one does not require workbench
		to be loaded (and does not cohabit very well with
		workbench).  Includes source.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

C64Emul		An April Fools spoof that turns your Amiga into a C64,
		or at least makes it look that way.  Includes source.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

Cloud		A program that generates and displays fractal surfaces
		that look remarkably like clouds.  Based on ideas from
		the book "Fractals" by Jens Feder.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mike Hall

PrtSpool	A DOS handler, a print program, and a control program
		that implement a print spooling system.  Like PRT:, the
		DOS handler waits for stuff to be sent to it to be 
		printed.  The print program does line numbering and
		page headers.  The control program handles administrative
		functions.  Binary only.
		Author:  Daniel Barrens

VirusX		Version 3.20 of the popular virus detection/vaccination
		program.  Features a test for 8 new viruses since the
		3.10 version on disk 175.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

Wanderer	A neat little game with graphics and sound, ported
		from the Unix version, originally written on a Sun
		workstation.  The idea for Wanderer came from games
		such as Boulderdash, Xor, and the Repton games from
		Superior Software.  Includes a builtin editor for
		extending the game by adding additional screens.
		Version 2.2, includes source.
		Author:  Steven Shipway and others.  Amiga port by
			 Alan Bland

CONTENTS OF DISK 0217
---------------------

AntiCBS		An animation cooked up by Leo in protest of CBS's coverage
		of the Hacker's Conference in Oct 88.  After reading the
		transcript I was angered enough to feel this needed
		widespread distribution, even though it is quite old.
		Author:  Leo 'Bols Ewhac' Schwab

Echo		A small replacement for the AmigaDOS echo that will do
		some special functions, such as clear the screen, delete
		to bottom of screen, scroll the screen, place the cursor
		at a particular location, and set the text style and/or
		color.  Includes source.
		Author:  Garry Glendown

InstallBeep	This program replaces the DisplayBeep function so that an
		IFF 8SVX sound is played instead of the screen flashing.
		The PlayBeep function runs as a task in the background and
		runs asynchronously so the length of the sound does not
		slow anything down.  Includes a couple of sample sound
		files.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Tim Friest and Don Withey

SnipIt		An input handler wedge which allows you to clip text from
		any window and then paste that text anywhere, as though
		you had typed it on the keyboard.  You mark the text you
		want to "snip" using the mouse, and then use the mouse to
		"paste" the last snipped text into the active window, 
		requester, or anywhere.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Scott Evernden

SonixPeek	A utility to let you list all the instruments used by one
		or more Aegis Sonix score files.  It can scan individual
		files, or search one or more directories, checking all
		score files in each directory.  The output is a list of
		all the instruments you need to have present in order to
		be able to play the indicated score files.  Includes source.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

Stevie		A public domain clone of the UNIX 'vi' editor.  Supports
		window-sizing, arrow keys, and the help key.  Version
		3.6, includes source. This is an update to version
		3.35a on disk 197.
		Author: Various, Amiga work by G. R. (Fred) Walter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0218
---------------------

EdLib		A library of additional functions for Manx.  This is
		version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 from disk	183.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Edwin Hoogerbeets with C-functions from several
			 different authors

Mandel		Another mandelbrot generator program, with bits and pieces
		of code from C. Heath and R.J. Mical.  This is version 1.3,
		an update to the version on disk 111.  New features and
		improvements include an ARexx interface, coordinates in
		sight, more state info saved with a picture, batch files,
		programmable functions, and more plotting options.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Seibert

Maze		A program that lets you build mazes and then solve them.
		Mazes can be trivial one level mazes to very difficult
		three level mazes.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Todd Lewis

PcPatch		Patches for PCCopy and PCFormat from the EXTRAS disk,
		to allow reading, writing, and formatting of any kind of
		MS-Dos style disks, including 720K 3.5" diskettes.  Binary
		only. This is an update to the version on disk 163.
		Author:  Werner Guenther

Scanner		Scanner makes commented C code of all intuition structures
		in memory.  The structures will receive correct pointers
		towards each other.  Scanner starts looking at 
		IntuitionBase, and follows all pointers, storing them in
		memory.  When finished, it writes all the structures to
		the standard output.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Parmark

Worm		An Amiga implementation of the classic "worms" program,
		based on an article in the Dec 1987 issue of Scientific
		American.  You can specify the size and length of the
		worms, and the number of worms.  Includes source.
		Author:  Brad Taylor, Amiga port by Chuck McManis

CONTENTS OF DISK 0219
---------------------

DeepSky		A database containing information on 10,368 non-stellar
		objects, 600 color contrasting easily resolved double
		stars, 70 stars for setting circles, and misc white
		dwarfs, red stars, binaries, etc.  The database is
		distributed in zoo format, and is about 1.2 Mb after
		extraction.  Version 5.0.
		Author:  Saguaro Astronomy Club

Mv		A Unix style mv/cp/rm program that moves, copies, or
		removes files.  Includes interactive mode, recursive mode,
		and force quiet mode.  Copies file permissions, dates,
		and comments, supports arp style wildcards, supports moves
		across volumes, honors the delete bit.  Version 1.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Edwin Hoogerbeets

CONTENTS OF DISK 0220
---------------------

DNet		A link protocol that provides essentially an unlimited
		number of reliable connections between processes on
		two machines, where each end of the link can be
		either an Amiga or a Unix (BSD4.3) machine.  Works
		on the Amiga with any EXEC device that looks like the
		serial.device.  Works on UNIX with tty and socket
		devices.  Achieves better than 95% average throughput
		on file transfers.  This is version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.20 released on disk 145.  Includes sources
		for both the Amiga and Unix versions.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0221
---------------------

AllocMaster	Allocmaster is a program inspired by Nick Sullivan's
		"Reserve" article in Amiga Transactor, for controlling
		the amount of both Chip and Fast memory available to
		the rest of the system.  It is very useful for testing
		applications in low-memory situations.  It also has
		a snapshot feature to report differences in available
		memory before and after running an application.  Version
		1.17, binary only.
		Author:  John Gerlach Jr.

ANSIEd		Demo version of an ANSI screen file editor.  It allows you
		to easily create and modify a screen of ANSI-style
		text/graphics on the Amiga.  The standard ANSI color set
		(red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan, white) and text
		styles (plain, boldface, underlined, italic) are provided,
		along with some simple editing and drawing functions.  This
		demo version has the save features disabled. Version 1.2.0aD,
		binary only.
		Author:  Gregory Epley

BallyII		Amiga port of the former arcade game named Click.  This
		version adds a "cheat" mode and fixes some minor bugs.
		Version II+, an update to the version released on disk
		205.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

DFrame		A utility that helps you to create animated bobs.  It
		installs itself in DPaint II, after which you can draw
		each bob in DPaint II within its own frame and check the
		animation by calling DFrame from within DPaint.  Version
		1.02, binary only.
		Author:  Jan Buitenhuis

IFFM2		Demo version of an IFF support module for Interface
		Technologies M2Amiga Modula-2 system.  Includes a version
		of ViewILBM (with source) that uses the IFF support routines.
		Version 1.0.0D, binary only.
		Author:  Gregory Epley

Steinschlag	A tetris like game (Steinschlag means "Falling Rock")
		submitted by the author.  Version 1.5, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Handel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0222
---------------------

MemGauge	A tool to display the current memory usage, very much
		like the usage bar Workbench displays in root directories.
		Version 1.4, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

Mischief	This little program is in the long tradition of "display
		hacks".  It uses the input.device to perform various acts
		of mischief.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

Plplot		A library of C functions useful for scientific plotting
		on the Amiga.  The library is Lattice C compatible.
		Contour plotting, three dimensional plotting, axis
		redefinition, log-log plotting and multiple subpages are
		a few of Plplot's features.  The plots can be displayed
		on a monitor or sent to a graphics file for subsequent
		printing.  Version 1.00, includes source.
		Author:  Tony Richardson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0223
---------------------

Csh		Version 3.03a of a csh like shell derived from Matt
		Dillon's shell, version 2.07.  This is an update to the
		version on disk 199.  Includes a couple of new filter
		commands, new dir option, new editing options, sourcing
		of a standard startup file, and some bug fixes.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Steve Drew, Carlo Borreo, Cesare Dieni

FixDisk		A program to recover as much as possible from a defective
		disk.  It can sometimes recover damaged (unreadable)
		tracks, check file integrity, check the directory 
		structure, undelete files, copy or show files, fix
		corrupted directory pointers, etc.  Full intuition
		interface.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Werner Guenther

GravSim		A program to animate up to 6 planetary masses, all of
		which exert a mutual gravitational force on each other.
		The planetary masses can be placed anywhere on the screen,
		and their mass and initial velocity can be determined by
		the user.  The program then steps the animation through
		time, plotting and displaying the new position in the
		trajectory of each mass.  Version 1.50, includes source.
		Author:  Richard Frost

Iff2Sun		A small utility for those of you who may have access to a 
		Sun workstation.  Takes an Amiga IFF file and converts it to
		a Sun rasterfile format.  This version is an update to the
		version released on disk 174, with better parsing, support
		for HAM mode, and some bug fixes.  Source only, as the
		program needs to be re-compiled and run from a Sun.
		Authors:  Steve Berry, Mark Thompson 

IFFtoSUN	This program takes a standard IFF format image and trans-
		lates it into a SUN rasterfile format, like the Iff2Sun
		program also on this disk.  However, this one runs on the
		Amiga.  Version 1.31, includes source.
		Author:  Richard Frost

Paccer		A pacman clone with sound and a game screen editor. This
		is version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Hoffman

PopInfo		A small utility which "pops open" to give you information
		about the status of your devices and memory.  This is
		version 3.0, an update to the version on disk 204.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

SetCPU		A program designed to allow the user to detect and modify
		various parameters related to 32 bit CPUs.  Includes
		commands to enable or disable the text/data caches,
		switch on or off the '030 burst cache line fill request,
		use the MMU to run a ROM image from 32-bit memory, and
		to report various parameters when called from a script.
		This is version 1.5, an update to version 1.4 on disk 187.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

CONTENTS OF DISK 0224
---------------------

CLImax		For all those people who wish that their CLI windows had
		25 lines of 80 characters just like an old fashioned non-
		windowing computer, the answer is here.  CLImax creates a
		borderless backdrop CLI window on a custom screen.  Also
		thrown in is MoveSys, which reassigns SYS:, C:, S:, L:,
		DEVS:, LIBS:, and FONTS: to a new volume with one simple
		"pure" command.  Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz

KickMem		A program for A1000 hardware hackers that have done the
		Amazing Computing 512K upgrade.  KickMem will patch your
		1.2 or 1.3 kickstart disk to perform addmem during
		kickstart.  This allows warm boot surviveability of ram
		disk devices and eliminates addmem commands from your
		startup sequence.  Version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Williams

MoreIsBetter	These two hacks make MORE more useful.  One is called V;
		it's a small "pure" CLI command that acts as a front end
		for More, causing it to create its own window.  Make V and
		More both resident!  The other is Fenestrate, which
		surgically alters the CON: window spec inside More enabling
		it to, for instance, use ConMan features to create a
		borderless window on the topmost screen (very useful with
		CLImax).  Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz

PetersQuest	This cute game has you, the intrepid Peter, following
		a trail of hearts through a world of 20 levels, riddled
		with porcupines and other hazards, to rescue Daphne, the
		love of your life that has been kidnapped by the evil
		Brutus.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  David Meny

Who		This is a rewrite of "who", from disk 79, which gives 
		substantially more elaborate information about the tasks
		currently running (or waiting) on your Amiga.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  George Musser, rewrite by Paul Kienitz

Xebec		A couple of hacks to make life easier for those who have
		Xebec hard disks.  One makes it more possible to Mount a
		Xebec hard disk with the Fast File System, the other is a
		compact head parking program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0225
---------------------

AmigaTCP	This is the KA9Q Internet Software Package.  The package 
		supports IP, ICMP, TCP, UDP, and ARP as basic services, and
		implements the FTP, Telnet, and SMTP protocols as
		applications.  It runs on IBM PC and clones, the Apple
		Macintosh, and the Amiga.  Includes source.
		Author:  Bdale Garbee, Phil Karn, Brian Lloyd

MyMenu		This program allows you to add your own menus to the 
		WorkBench menu strip, to run commonly used commands.
		MyMenu will allow you to execute both CLI and WorkBench
		programs, and is configured with a normal text file.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Darin Johnson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0226
---------------------

Vlt		VLT is both a VT100 emulator and a Tektronix (4014 plus
		subset of 4105) emulator, currently in use at SLAC
		(Stanford Linear Accelerator Center).  Although the VT100
		part was originally based on Dave Wecker et al.'s VT100,
		many enhancements were made. The program requires ARP, and
		it has an ARexx port.  XMODEM 1K/CRC and Kermit protocol
		support also included.  This is version 4.036, with many
		enhancements over the previous version, 3.656, included
		on disk 202.  New features include support for other serial
		ports, external file transfer protocols, and "chat" mode.
		Improved behavior on the Workbench.  Tektronix emulation
		now allows saving IFF files, PostScript files, and
		printing bitmaps to the printer.  Many other enhancements
		and bug fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0227
---------------------

MidiLib		A disk based library that permits sharing of the serial
		port by MIDI applications through a MIDI message routing
		and processing system.  The midi utilities include a midi
		monitor to display incoming midi messages to the console,
		a routing utility, a midi library status utility, and more.
		This is version 2.0, an update to the version released on
		disk 101, and includes significant speed enhancements, new
		utilities to play with MIDI files, and updated utilities,
		documentation and examples.  Binary only (source for
		examples and bindings however).
		Author:  Bill Barton

PickPacket	PickPacket gives you a visual display of the DosPacket
		structures that are sent to handlers, and lets you see 
		the results.  You can actually perform handler operations
		such as open files, read or write data, Examine or ExNext
		locks, and so forth, all by talking directly to the file
		system handler involved using PickPacket.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  John Toebes and Doug Walker

RexxArpLib	A library which originally was supposed to be an ARexx
		interface to the ARP library.  However, it has also become
		an interface to various Intuition functions, containing over
		50 functions including a file requester, string/boolean
		requester, environment variable functions, simple message
		window, wildcard expander, etc.  This is version 2.3, an
		update to version 2.0 on disk 178.  Binary only.
		Author:  W.G.J. Langeveld

RexxMathLib	A library which makes various high level math functions
		such as sin, tangent, log, etc, available in ARexx.
		Version 1.2 and 1.3, binary only.
		Author:  W.G.J. Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0228
---------------------

Az		A nice little text editor that is fast, simple to use,
		and very Amiga'ized.  Version 1.40, binary only.
		Author:  Jean-Michel Forgeas

Glib		A text screen oriented librarian and editor for synths.
		Supports the TX81Z, DX100, DEP5, DW8000, and K-5.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Tim Thompson, Steve Falco, and Alan Bland

JazzBench	A drop-in multitasking replacement for WorkBench.  It
		has more features that WorkBench and is fully multitasking
		(no more waiting for ZZZ clouds).  It allows you to extend
		it, add your own menus, key shortcuts, etc.  This is alpha
		version 0.8, binary only.
		Author:  David Navas

Xoper		Very comprehensive program to monitor and control system 
		activity.  Monitor cpu, memory usage, ports, interrupts,
		devices.  Close windows, screens, show loaded fonts or last
		Guru code number.  Clean up memory, flush unused libraries,
		devices, fonts. etc. and a whole bunch more!  Spawns its own
		process.  A very handy background task to have loaded. 
		This is version 1.3, an update to version 1.2 on disk 171.
		Assembly source	included.
		Author:  Werner Gunther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0229
---------------------

AlarmingClock	A simple alarm clock program with a very alarming
		"ring", particularly if you hook it up to your
		stereo and turn up the volume.  Includes source.
		Author:  Brian Neal

DrawMap		A program for drawing representations of the Earth's
		surface.  Can generate flat maps, mercator maps,
		a globe view, or an orbital view.  Includes source.
		Author:  Bryan Brown

Emporos		You are living on the island of Emporos, where several
		countries exist.  Your goal is to make one of these
		countries your own.  There is only one way to do this,
		and you have to find it out.  Binary only.
		Author:  Roland Richter

esuoM		A little screen hack that causes the mouse pointer to
		move in the opposite direction of the mouse.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Rob Eisenhuth

LeftyMouse	Swaps the functions of the left and right mouse buttons
		so that Lefties can use the mouse with their left hands.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Rob Eisenhuth

Shuffle		A basic screen shuffler.  Re-defines the key combination
		Left-Amiga-M to push the FRONT screen to the back, instead
		of pushing the Workbench screen to the back.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Rob Eisenhuth

Sim		A simulator for register-transfer nets, which are used to
		describe hardware systems.  This version also provides
		a compiler to define new devices in addition to Sim's
		internal devices.  Version 4.0, binary only.	
		Author:  Gotz Muller

CONTENTS OF DISK 0230
---------------------

AskTask		Allows you to examine various bits of the task structures
		of all tasks in the system, from the lists attached to
		ExecBase.  Diskplays priority, state, flags, stack,
		signals, etc.  You can also remove tasks, change the
		priority of a task, or send arbitrary signals to a
		task.  Version 2/4/89, includes source.
		Author:  J. Bickers

Fedup		A random access, byte oriented file-editor that gives
		you the option of viewing and editing any file (binary
		or ASCII) using either ASCII or hexadecimal notation.
		Version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Lindemann

FileIt		A simple database program, written in DRACO.  It is
		meant to be portable, thus it does not use any of
		Intuition's facilities.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  John Davis

NComm		A communications program based on Comm version 1.34, by
		DJ James, with lots of very nice enhancements.  Also 
		includes several auxiliary programs such as AddCall,
		CallInfo, IbmIso, PbConvert, and ReadMail.  This is
		version 1.8, binary only.
		Author:  DJ James, Daniel Bloch, Torkel Lodberg, et al.

PrivHndlr	A privilege violation handler for the 68010 cpu.  Like
		Decigel, but survives a reboot so you can use it with
		copy protected programs that run from boot.  Version 3,
		includes source in assembly code.
		Author:  John Veldthuis

Quattro		Another Tetris like program.  Has three levels of
		play difficulty, sound effects, a 43-color background,
		next stone preview, and joystick or numberpad control.
		Version 1.0, binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Karl-Erik Jenss

CONTENTS OF DISK 0231
---------------------

Diff		Yet another diff program.  This one implements the
		algorithm from Communications of the ACM, April 78.
		It produces output which might be considered to be
		a little more user friendly than the standard Unix
		style diff programs.  Includes source.
		Author:  Donald C. Lindsay

File		A program that recognizes various types of files and
		prints what that type is.  Recognizes font files,
		icon files, executable files, standard object files,
		compressed files, command scripts, C source, directories,
		iff files, LaTeX source, modula II source, arc files,
		shell commands and scripts, TeX source, dvi files,
		uuencoded files, yacc files, zoo archives, etc.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Edwin Hoogerbeets

NoClick2	A program which silences the clicking of empty drives
		on the B2000 under AmigaDOS 1.3.  It should also work
		on an A500.  Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Norman Iscove

Plot		A package for making 2D and 3D plots conveniently.
		AG Baxter wrote the intuition interface program (Plot)
		and Tim Mooney wrote the MultiPlot and ThreeDPlot
		programs, which are called from Plot.  This is version
		1.2 and includes source to Plot.
		Author:  AG Baxter, Tim Mooney

Sed		This is the GNU sed (stream editor) program, ported to
		the Amiga.  Sed copies the named files, or the standard
		input, to its standard output, while performing certain
		editing operations specified in the command line script
		or in a scriptfile.  Version 1.02, includes source.
		Author:  Unknown, ported to Amiga by Edwin Hoogerbeets

CONTENTS OF DISK 0232
---------------------

BallyIII	Amiga port of the former arcade game named Click.  This
		version fixes some minor bugs and is faster than the
		previous versions.  This is version III, an update to
		the version released on disk 221.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

Dbug		Machine independent macro based C debugging package.
		Provides function trace, selective printing of internal 
		state information, and more.  This is an update to the
		version released on disk 102, and now includes a machine
		independent stack use accounting mechanism.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Fred Fish; profiling support by Binayak Banerjee

ReSourceDemo	A demo version of ReSource, an interactive disassembler
		for the Amiga.  This is a complete version except that
		the "save" features have been disabled.  This is version
		3.06, an update to version 0.36 from disk 192.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Glen McDiarmid

CONTENTS OF DISK 0233
---------------------

Brik		A general purpose program that calculates both text and
		binary cyclic redundancy codes (CRCs).  Text mode CRCs
		calculated by brik are portable across systems for files
		that are in the usual text format on each system.  Binary
		mode CRCs are portable for files that are moved from
		system to system without any change.  Brik can be used
		to verify and update an embedded checksum header in files.
		It runs under MS-DOS, UNIX system V, BSD UNIX, VAX/VMS,
		and AmigaDOS.  This is version 2.0 and includes source.
		Author:  Rahul Dhesi

CacheCard	An accessory to SetCPU for use with A2620 cards or
		68030 systems.  It modifies the MMU table set up by SetCPU
		to selectively control caching for each expansion card.
		It's also an example of how an accessory program can
		track down and modify the SetCPU MMU table without having
		to read all kinds of MMU registers and figure it out for
		yourself.  Version 1.00, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 001-231 using the brik
		program also on this disk.  These were made directly from
		my master disks.  I have switched to brik, from the crc
		program used to make the lists on disks 133, 146, and 173,
		because it has more features and because source is
		available.
		Author:  Fred Fish

CONTENTS OF DISK 0234
---------------------

KwikBackUp	A harddisk backup program that writes data track by track
		onto multiple floppy disks.  Uses the archive bit, saves
		and restores comments and protection flags, and skips
		over bad spots during restore.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

MuchMore	Another program like "more", "less", "pg", etc.  This one
		uses its own screen to show the text using a slow scroll.
		Includes built-in help, commands to search for text, and
		commands to print the text.  Works with PAL or NTSC, in
		normal or overscan modes.  Supports 4 color text in bold,
		italic, underlined, or inverse fonts.  Version 1.8,
		includes source in Modula-II and assembly code.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

NetWork		Another program in the long tradition of "screen hacks"
		for the Amiga.  Won't spoil the surprise by saying what
		it does.  Version 1.0, includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

PrintIt		A program to print IFF pictures on Epson compatible 9-pin
		printers.  Prints in many resolutions, with many ways
		to convert color pics to black and white.  Version 1.0,
		includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

WBPic		Replaces Workbench's color 0 with an IFF hires non-
		interlaced picture, in 2 or 4 colors.  Version 1.0,
		includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

XHair		Replaces the mouse pointer with a screen wide crosshair,
		which is useful for positioning things vertically or
		horizontally.  Version 1.0, includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0235
---------------------

CalcKey		A basic four function, memory resident, pop-up calculator
		which uses only about 24K of memory and can automatically
		type the answer to any calculation into the program you
		were using when it was popped up.  Version 1.0, binary
		only, shareware.
		Author:  Craig Fisher

Ct		An Amiga program to display images from a CT scanner,
		along with several new interesting sample images of scans
		of real people.  The display software, though it has a
		primitive user interface, is quite powerful, including
		functions like convolutions, averaging, laplacians, unsharp
		masking, edge detection, gradients, etc.  This is version
		2.2, an update to the version on disk 137.  Binary only.
		Additional image disks available from author.
		Author:  Jonathan Harman

MirrorWars	A new game featuring sound, title music, and two
		player mode.  You fight your opponent via laser rays,
		but beware of the mirrors reflecting your shots.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0236
---------------------

AmigaBench	Optimized Amiga assembly versions of the Dhrystone
		benchmark.  Includes 68000 and 68020 versions.
		Author:  Al Aburto

DiskHandler	A sample implementation of a file system that reads and
		writes 1.2 format diskettes.  Includes source.
		Author:  Software Distillery

Heart3D		A program to find left ventricle outlines in the output
		of an Imatron CT scanner, and display wireframe animations
		of the beating heart.  Includes several sample CT scan
		outputs.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Harman

Ls		Version 3.1 of the popular UNIX style directory lister.
		This is an update to version 2.0 from disk 178, and
		includes some bug fixes, support for multiple wildcard
		pathnames, quicker sorting, a best-fit output, new
		output width and height options, and some other
		new features.  Includes source.
		Author:  Justin V. McCormick. 

Proc		Example program of how to create a full-fledged DOS
		process without needing to call LoadSeg first.  Based
		on an idea presented at BADGE.  Includes source.
		Author:  Leo Schwab

XprZmodem	An Amiga shared library which provides ZModem file
		transfer capability to any XPR-compatible communications
		program.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Rick Huebner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0237
---------------------

CLIPrint	An example of printing to the CLI from assembly code.
		Includes source (of course).
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

CType		Another text file reader, but this one is small, reasonably 
		fast, and includes bi-directional scrolling, search, go to
		a given percentage, and printing capabilities.  Version 1.0,
		includes source in assembly.
		Author:  

DPlot		A simple display program for experimental data, with the
		goals of supporting paging through lots of data and 
		providing comfortable scaling and presentation.  Version
		1.0, source available from author.
		Author:  A. A. Walma

ILBMLib		A shared library (ilbm.library) to read/write IFF files,
		derived from the EA IFF code, along with various
		enhancements.  Includes examples of using the library
		from C code, assembly code, or BASIC, along with source
		for examples and interface code.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

ParOut		Shows how to allocate and communicate directly with the
		parallel port hardware from an assembly language program.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt (original C code by Phillip Lindsay)

Speed		A performance benchmark useful for comparing Amiga
		processing speeds.  Performs 10000 iterations of some
		selected groups of 68000 instructions while using the
		DateStamp time function to record how many ticks it takes
		to complete.  This timed duration is then compared against
		two known prestored times, one for a stock A2000 Amiga and
		one for an A2620 enhanced A2000.   A relative comparison
		is calculated and displayed.  Version 1.0, includes source
		in assembly language.
		Author:  Jez San

CONTENTS OF DISK 0238
---------------------

CWDemo		Demo version of a pop-up utility to control the color
		register assignments of Intuition custom screens.
		Version 3.1, binary only.
		Author:  Kimbersoft

DMouse		A versatile screen & mouse blanker, auto window activator,
		mouse accelerator, popcli, pop window to front, push
		window to back, etc, widget.  Includes DLineArt, a screen
		blanker replacement program for use with DMouse.  This is
		DMouse version 1.20, an update to version 1.10 on disk
		168/169.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

LabelPrint	A program that allows you to easily print labels for
		your disks.  This is version 2.5, an update to version
		1.9 from disk 210.  Shareware, binary only (source
		available from author).
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

NGC		Yet another virus check program.  Checks the bootblock on
		all inserted floppy disks and reports nonstandard ones.
		Checks the jump tables of all resident libraries and devices
		and reports suspicious entries.  Version 1, includes source
		in assembly.
		Author:  Ulf Nordquist

Pyth		A program to draw the Tree of Pythagoras.  Version 1.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

Steinschlag	A tetris like game (Steinschlag means "Falling Rock")
		submitted by the author.  This is version 1.8, an update
		to version 1.5 from disk 221.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Handel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0239
---------------------

This disk contains Forth programs from the JGoodies #1 disk, from Delta
Research (the makers of JForth Professional 2.0).  All of the material has
been placed into a subdirectory (JGoodies).  Below is a listing of
subdirectories under JGoodies, and their contents.

Brunjes		Various tools submitted together by the author.  StringPkg
		is string package for both Forth style and NUL terminated
		strings.  Date&Time are handy tools for getting and printing
		formatted date and time.  Utils are utilities used by the
		other files.  CursorControl is an example of moving the text
		cursor.  SpaceOrEscape is a handy word for pausing or 
		stopping program output.  Includes source code.
		Author:  Roy Brunjes 

Evolution	This program graphically simulates the evolution of a
		species of "bugs", the insect kind.  Bugs, represented by
		moving blobs, eat bacteria represented by single pixels.
		They mutate, compete for food, reproduce and pass their
		mutations to their offspring.  Fascinating example of
		graphics and software simulation.  Standalone image and
		source code.
		Author:  Russel Yost 

FFT		Highly optimized Fast Fourier Transform tools for digital
		signal processing.  The FFT can be used to compute the
		frequency spectrum of a complex signal.  It is useful in
		a variety of different applications.  Floating point and
		integer versions.  Mixture of high level and assembly
		language code.  Includes source (requires JForth).
		Author:  Jerry Kallaus 

Guru		Handy "guru" number interpreter (well, handy after reboot
		anyway!).  Tells you what "81000009" means, for example.
		CLI usage only.  Standalone image with readme file. Source
		code included.
		Author:  Mike Haas

H2J		Converts 'C' style '.h' include files to JForth style '.j'
		files.  Useful when developing interfaces to new Amiga
		libraries like ARP, etc.  Standalone image and source code.
		Author:  Phil Burk 

HAMmmm2		Graphics hack that displays moving lines in a HAM screen
		for a hypnotic effect.  Uses sound tools from HMSL if
		available, for a drone sound that corresponds to the
		graphics image.  Standalone image and source code.
		Author:  Phil Burk 

HeadClean	This program, combined with a fibre cleaning disk, can be
		used to clean the heads on your disk drives.  Source code
		examples of accessing the Trackdisk device, and using
		gadgets are included.  Standalone image with source code.
		Shareware.  Version 2.0.
		Author:  Phil Burk 

JustBeeps	Simple example of using Audio and Timer devices.  Plays a
		series of beeps whose pitches are based on a just intoned
		tuning system.  Standalone image with source code.
		Author:  Phil Burk 

Mandelbrot	A fast Mandelbrot rendering program that uses some of the
		mathematical properties of the Mandelbrot set to greatly
		reduce the drawing time.  Demonstrates graphics programming,
		assembly language, menus and IFF file I/O.  Standalone image
		with source code.
		Author:  Nick Didkovsky 

NeuralNet	Example of Neural Net programming converted to JForth.
		Demonstrates a programming technique that many say is the
		wave of the future for software.  This is a simple demo that
		shows neural propagation.  Standalone image with source code.
		Author:  Robert E. La Quey, ported by Jack Woehr 

Textra		This easy-to-use text editor allows multiple windows,
		and provides a simple mouse driven interface.  Those
		familiar with the "Macintosh style" editors will be
		comfortable with Textra's Cut, Copy and Paste commands. 
		Standalone image. Documentation included. No source code.  
		Author:  Mike Haas

CONTENTS OF DISK 0240
---------------------

CrossDOS	A "tryware" version of a mountable MS-DOS file system
		for the Amiga.  This is a software product that allows
		you to read and write MS-DOS/PC-DOS and Atari ST
		formatted disks (Version 2.0 or higher) directly from
		AmigaDOS.  This tryware version is a "readonly" version,
		which does not allow any writes to the disk.  A fully
		functional version is available for a very reasonable
		price from CONSULTRON.  Version 3.02, binary only.
		Author:  CONSULTRON, Leonard Poma

Dis		An AmigaDOS shareable library which implements a symbolic
		single-instruction disassembler for the MC68000 family and
		a program which uses the library to disassemble/dump 
		AmigaDOS object files, making full use of symbolic and
		relocation information.  Includes source code in Draco.
		Author:  Chris Gray

DM-Maps		IFF maps to the Dungeon Master game.  All 14 levels are
		included.
		Author:  Unknown

MemLib		A link library of routines to aid in debugging memory
		problems.  Works with Lattice C 5.0 and possibly with
		earlier versions.  It's features include trashing all
		allocated memory, trashing all freed memory, keeping
		track of freed memory with notification if it is 
		written to, notification of memory freed twice or
		not at all, notification of overrunning or underrunning
		allocated memory, generation of low memory conditions
		for testing purposes, and identification of violations
		of memory use by filename and line number of the
		allocating routine.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Toebes and Doug Walker

RunBack		This is version 6, an update to the version on disk 152
		(the version on disk 214 appears to be on a different
		evolutionary path).  This version compiles under Lattice
		with many optimizations enabled, and can be made resident.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Rob Peck, Daniel Barrett, Greg Searle, Doug Keller

XprLib		External file transfer protocol library.  Document and
		code example for implementing external file transfer
		protocols using Amiga shared libraries.  This is an
		update to the version included with the vlt program on
		disk 226.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0241
---------------------

ASDG-rrd	Extremely useful shareware recoverable ram disk.  This
		AmigaDOS device driver implements a completely DOS
		compatible disk device in memory that survives resets,
		guru's, and crashes.  An absolute must for those with
		lots of ram.  This is an update to the version released
		on disk 58.  It now works with up to 8Mb of memory.  It
		was rewritten in assembly and is now faster and much
		smaller.  Binary only.
		Author:  Perry Kivolowitz, ASDG Inc.

CBBS		The W0RLI BBS system for use in amateur radio.  Originally
		written for IBM-PC compatibles, it was ported to the Amiga
		by Pete Hardie.  This is version 6.1c with source code.
		Author:  Hank Oredson, the CBBS group, Pete Hardie

Fix68010	A program which patches executables that fail to run
		on machines equipped with an M68010, so that they no
		longer use the prohibited priviledged instructions.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Gregor Brandt

Man		A program similar to the UNIX "man" program.  Displays
		information about a topic from manual pages.  Does not
		include any database of topics, you have to supply your
		own.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Garry Glendown

NoClick		A program which silences the clicking of empty drives
		on the B2000 under AmigaDOS 1.3.  It should also work
		on an A500.  This is version 3.4, an update to the 
		version on disk 231.  Includes assembly source code.
		Author:  Norman Iscove

Tiles		A basic tile game like Shanghai or GunShy.  A board is
		covered with a set of 144 tiles, 36 different sets of
		4 identical tiles, each with a picture on it.  The
		object is to remove all the tiles, 2 at a time, by
		matching identical tiles.  Version 2.1, includes source
		in Modula II.
		Author:  Todd Lewis

CONTENTS OF DISK 0242
---------------------

BootBlocks	Detailed documentation on what a bootblock is and
		how it works, along with some sample bootblocks and
		a program to install a custom bootblock.  Includes
		source for the sample bootblocks and the install
		program.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

Check4Mem	Allows you to check for a specified amount of memory,
		with certain attributes, from a batch file.  If the
		requirements are not met, a WARN returncode is generated.
		Version 2, includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CustReq		A glorified ASK command for your startup-sequence.  It
		generates a requester with the specified title, text,
		positive and negative gadgets (either of which can
		be the default), and an optional timeout value.
		Version 2, includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

FileReq		This is Jonathan's second version of a file requester,
		and is much more powerful than the one included on disk
		204.  Shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

FullView	A text viewer that uses gadgets at the bottom of the screen
		(thus can display text 80 columns wide), opens up to the
		full height of the workbench screen, has fast scrolling,
		and can work with compressed files (file compression 
		program included).  Shareware, binary only, source available
		from author.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

Image-Ed	An icon editor that allows you to draw and edit images up to
		150 by 90, in up to 16 colors.  Allows freehand drawing,
		empty or filled rectangles, ellipses, and triangles, lines
		curves, and polygons, copy, flip about x or y axis,
		stretching and condensing, flood fill and complement,
		text with selection and loading of font style, undo,
		magnified and normal sized images, and two active drawing
		screens at once.  This is version 2.2, an update to version
		1.9 on disk 211.  Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

JAR		A shareware game (Jump And Run) using 3-D graphics.  Your
		task is to collect the blue pills lying on the floors and
		steps, not to fall down or off the steps, and to avoid
		several monsters wandering about.  You can collect various
		sorts of weapons to use against the monsters.  Version 1.0,
		binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Andreas Ehrentraut

JPClock		A short clock program that is just packed with features.
		This is version 1.2, an update to version on disk 204.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

PPrefs		Preferable Preferences is a program designed to replace
		the standard preferences, that is shorter, more efficient,
		and easier to use.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

PaletteReq	An easy way to set the palette of any screen from your
		program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

PopInfo		A small utility which "pops open" to give you information
		about the status of your devices and memory.  This is
		version 3.1, an update to version 3.0 on disk 223.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

ZeroVirus	A fully integrated virus checker and killer, with bootblock
		save and restore features.  Finds both bootblock and file
		based viruses.  This is version 1.3, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0243
---------------------

FragIt		A dynamic memory thrasher for the Amiga.  FragIt randomly
		allocates and deallocates psuedo-random size values of
		memory, ranging from 16 bytes to 50000 bytes by default.
		The result is an allocation nightmare, thousands of memory
		fragments are being created and destroyed continuously.
		This puts stress on the memory allocation routines of an
		application undergoing testing by simulating a very busy,
		highly fragmented memory environment. This is version 2.0,
		featuring many bug fixes, a full intuition interface,
		configuration settings via the icon, and more.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Justin V. McCormick

ImageLab	A program which performs image processing on IFF pictures.
		Includes standard image processing functions such as
		convolution, averaging, smoothing, enhancement, histograms,
		FFT's, etc.  Also includes file conversion functions,
		a clipboard, and other useful functions.  Version 2.2,
		binary only.
		Author:  Gary Milliorn

LPE		LaTeX Picture Editor is a graphical editor for producing
		"pictures" for the LaTeX system, which may be imported by
		LaTeX.  You can draw boxes, dashed boxes, lines, vectors,
		circles, boxes with centered text, and plain text.  This
		is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Joerg Geissler

NoClick		A program which silences the clicking of empty drives
		on the B2000 under AmigaDOS 1.3.  It should also work
		on an A500.  This is version 3.5, a last minute update
		to version 3.4 on disk 241.  Includes assembly source code.
		Author:  Norman Iscove

Password	A program which enhances your computers security by making
		it complicated enough that users without your password
		will get discouraged trying to boot and use your system.
		This should keep out most casual or nontechnical users.
		Version 1.21p, binary only.
		Author:  George Kerber

Pcopy		An intuition based disk copier similiar to the resident
		"DiskCopy".  This is version 2.0, a highly upgraded
		rewrite of the version on disk 151.  It features high speed
		diskcopy with write-verify and data recovery from damaged
		tracks.  A lot of effort has gone into making this copier
		friendly in its usage, as well in its multitasking
		properties.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Reisig

SimGen		This program will add a 2 or 4 color picture to your
		WorkBench screen.  If the picture is digitized, it will
		look much like a genlock, hence the name SimGen (Simulated
		Genlock).  Binary only.
		Author:  Gregg Tavares

SuperLines	A new lines demo with a realtime control panel that you
		can use to change various aspects of the action.  Has 10
		builtin color palettes, support for things like color
		"smudge", color cycling, color "bounce", multiple resolu-
		tions, and can display either lines or boxes.  This is
		version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Bailey

WarpUtil	Warp (version 1.11), UnWarp (version 1.0), and WarpSplit
		(version 1.1).  Warp reads raw filesystems and archives
		them into a compressed version in a normal file.  UnWarp
		turns them back into filesystems.  WarpSplit splits them
		up into smaller pieces on a track by track basis.
		Binary only.
		Author:  SDS Software

CONTENTS OF DISK 0244
---------------------

BBChampion	This is BootBlockChampionIII, a very nicely done program
		that allows you to load, save, and analyze any bootblock.
		This is version 3.1, binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

BootIntro	This program creates a small intro on the bootblock of any
		disk, which will appear after you insert the disk for
		booting.  The headline can be up to 44 characters.  The
		scrolling text portion can be up to 300 characters.  This
		is version 1.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk 188.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

FMC		An alternative to the NoFastMem program.  Uses a cute little
		switch gadget to turn fast memory on or off.  Version 1.2,
		includes source in assembly code.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

SizeChecker	Size checker uses a list of possible sizes of a file to
		check for unexpected changes in the size of those files.
		For example, it can be used to spot a link virus or to
		point out changes in the configuration of your system.
		With the appropriate comments added to your size list,
		you can check to see what version of the files you are
		using (1.2, 1.3, 1.4, ARP, etc).  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin
 
TextDisplay	A text display program, like "more" or "less", but about
		half the size and handles all screen formats (pal/ntsc,
		interlace/non-interlace, etc).  This is version 1.52, an
		update to version 1.1 on disk 188.  Binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

XColor		A program designed to change the colors of any screen.
		You can also add and subtract bitplanes in the screen,
		or convert the screen to black and white (grayscale).
		Handles HAM and EHB screens.  Version 1.2, includes
		source in assembly code.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0245
---------------------

ATOF		A small utility that allows you to use the fonts of another
		disk without using the CLI.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

BootIntro	This program creates a small intro on the bootblock of
		any disk, which will appear after you insert the disk for
		booting.  This is the "next generation" BootIntro, a
		more colorful version than the one on disk 244, but
		the text must be shorter.  The first line can be up to
		24 characters.  The second and third lines can be up to
		22 characters.  The scrolling text can be up to 98
		characters.  This is "next generation version 1.1".
		Binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

Fenster		A program which can operate on windows owned by another
		program, to close them, change their size, refresh gadgets,
		move the window to the background, etc.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

PathMaster	A file requester with lots of features.  Can be easily
		configured by the programmer to suit a variety of
		applications.  Includes source.
		Author:  Justin McCormick

Reversi		Plays the classical reversi game on an 8 x 8 square field.
		Version 1.2, includes source in assembly code.
		Author:  Marc Fischlin

Vlt		This is a binary update to the vlt program on disk 226,
		and fixes a problem with external protocol support.
		You still need the rest of the files from disk 226.
		Version 4.065, binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0246
---------------------

Dmake		Release version 1.0 of Matt's version of the UNIX make
		utility.  Update to beta version released on disk 179.
		Features multiple dependancies, wildcard support, and
		more.  Binary only.
		Author:  Matt Dillion 

LabelPrint	A program that allows you to easily print labels for
		your disks.  This is version 2.5b, an update to version
		2.5 from disk 238.  Shareware, binary only (source
		available from author).
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

NComm		A terminal program for the Amiga based on comm version 1.34.
		Has hot keys for most program functions (including dialing
		up to 10 phone numbers), PAL and NTSC support for normal
		or interlaced screens, screen I/O greater than 2400
		baud, ANSI/VT100 terminal emulation with full 8 color
		text support, IBM graphics, optional translation styles,
		split screen mode, full user control of color palette, full
		support for all European languages, full serial port control
		with baud rates up to 19200, script language, phonebook,
		keyboard macros, and more.  Version 1.8, binary only.
		Author:  DJ James, Daniel Bloch, et. al.

NoClick		A program which silences the clicking of empty drives
		on the B2000 under AmigaDOS 1.3.  It should also work
		on an A500.  This is version 3.6, an update to version
		to version 3.5 on disk 243.  Includes assembly source
		code.
		Author:  Norman Iscove

ScreenShare	A library and support programs that enable applications
		to open up windows on other applications' custom screens.
		For example, your editor may want to open a window on
		your terminal emulator's screen so you can compose a
		message while still being able to see the contents of
		the terminal's screen.  Both applications must cooperate
		for the screen sharing to work.  Version 1.2, includes
		source for interface portions.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

Ty		A text display program based on Amiga "less" version 1.0.
		Has both keyboard and mouse control of all functions,
		an intuition interface, and uses the Amiga specific
		keys (such as the Help key) correctly.  Version 1.3,
		includes source.
		Author:  Mark Nudelman, Bob Leivian, Tony Wills

CONTENTS OF DISK 0247
---------------------

AnalogJoystick	Software support for use of analog joysticks on the Amiga.
		Includes a driver, a header file for code that calls the
		driver, and an example program that uses the driver.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Kinzer

AssemTools	A collection of files which should be of great interest
		to Amiga assembly language programmers.  The collection
		includes 140 macro routines which make assembly language
		programming a lot easier.  There is also a library of
		routines containing buffered C-like file handling
		functions (fopen, fclose, fgets, fputs, etc) and a file
		name requester.  All routines are re-entrant.  Includes
		source for example programs using the macros and library,
		and a 65c02 cross macro assembler.
		Author:  Jukka Marin

RemoteLogin	A couple of programs which make possible remote access to
		your Amiga.  One program checks the serial port for an
		incoming call, and starts a program when it is detected.
		The other is a password protection program which allows
		starting various programs based upon login id, thus
		providing some minimal security for your computer.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Kinzer

XprLib		External file transfer protocol library.  Document and
		code example for implementing external file transfer
		protocols using Amiga shared libraries.  This is version
		2.0, an update to the version on disk 240, with many
		extensions and enhancements.  Includes sample XPR library
		and source.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0248
---------------------

AmiGantt	A project definition and management tool designed to
		create a simple, interactive method of outlining the
		task required to complete a particular project, using
		the GANTT chart as the input format.  AmiGantt displays
		the project in a multi-window mode with separate windows
		for the GANTT chart, task information input, resource
		histogram display, and Pert chart display.  Up to 500
		tasks may be defined for any project, and a project may
		contain other projects as tasks.  Version 3.0.0, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Donald Tolson

CLI-Colors	A simple little program to change the colors of the border
		around a CLI window.  Includes source in assembly code.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

Flipper		A small, fast, Othello program.  Does not use any look-
		ahead methods.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

Maze		An example of a fully re-entrant maze generation program
		written in assembly language using Manx's assembler.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

NetHandler	The Software Distillery's network file system handler
		(NET:), using Matt Dillon's DNET to mount one Amiga's
		devices on another Amiga.  It also serves as an example
		file system written entirely in Lattice C.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Software Distillery

Regex		An Amiga shared library version of the GNU regular
		expression package from the Free Software Foundation.
		A regular expression is a concise method of describing
		a pattern of characters in a string. By use of special
		wildcards, almost any pattern can be described. A regular
		expression pattern can be used for searching strings in
		such programs as editors or other string handling programs.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Edwin Hoogerbeets, FSF, Jim Mackraz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0249
---------------------

Automata	Four cellular automata programs.  AutomaTron is a one
		dimensional cellular automation, Crud is a automation
		based on a sum index rule, Demon is a cyclic space
		automation described in the Aug 89 Scientific American,
		and Life is one of the oldest and best known of all
		cellular automata.  Includes source.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

Slicer		Slicer computes and displays images of the Mandelbrot
		and Julia sets.  Unlike many Mandelbrot programs that
		generate pictures directly, Slicer computes and stores
		an array of raw data which it may then render into
		pictures in a number of ways.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

TurMite		A two dimensional turing machine simulator.  Imagine a
		small bug crawling around on your computer display moving
		one pixel at a time. At each step it uses its internal
		state number and the color of the pixel it's on as indexes
		into a set of tables to decide what color to change the
		pixel to, what direction to move, and what its new internal
		state should be.  Includes source.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

CONTENTS OF DISK 0250
---------------------

ASimplex	An implementation of the Simplex algorithm for solving
		linear programs.  It uses the standardized MPSX-format
		for input data files.  This is version 1.5, an update
		to version 1.2 on disk 199.  Changes include bug fixes,
		the ability to run from CLI, it's own window for I/O,
		and some new and improved commands.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Forster

Gravity-Well	A celestial motion simulator that simulates the motion
		of up to twenty bodies in a Newtonian universe.  The
		view of the simulation may be scaled, rotated in three
		dimensions or repositioned.  Includes source.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

Paranoids	An asylum escape game.  Paranoids is a traditional board
		game played by drawing cards, rolling dice, and moving
		pieces around the board.  Each player has six pieces,
		four patients and two doctors.  The object of the game is
		to get all of your patients out of the asylum.  This is
		version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Anderson and Gary Teachout

RPSC		A reverse polish scientific calculator.  RPSC is a
		programmable RPN calculator in the Hewlett-Packard
		tradition.  It supports operations with real numbers,
		complex numbers, matrices, and 3-D vectors, as well as
		storage and recall of labeled variables.  Data and
		programs may be saved, loaded, or written as ASCII text,
		to AmigaDOS files.  This is version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

CONTENTS OF DISK 0251
---------------------

Debug		A symbolic debugger for the Amiga.  Features include
		symbolic disassembly, simple expression parsing,
		multiple breakpoints, memory fill, memory dump,
		single step in trace mode, skip over subroutines, etc.
		Version 2.10, binary only.
		Author:  Jim Thibodeau and Larry LaPlume

DiskSalv	A disk recovery program for all Amiga file system devices
		that use either the Amiga Standard File System or the
		Amiga Fast File System.  Disksalv creates a new filesystem
		structure on another device, with as much data salvaged from
		the original device as possible.  This is version 1.42, an
		update to the version released on disk 212.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

DiskSpeed	A disk speed testing program specifically designed to give
		the most accurate results of the true disk performance of
		the disk under test.  Automatically updates and maintains
		an ASCII database of disk results for tested disks.  This
		is version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

Linstrom	Some miscellaneous small programs from the Linstrom family.
		Includes some basic games, some programs based on algorithms
		from the Computer Recreations column in Scientific American
		(demon, turmites, mountain), and a fish tank simulator.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Lloyd Linstrom and family

Monopoly	A simulation of the Parker Brother's board game MONOPOLY.
		Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Ed Musgrove

RoadRoute	A trip planner that takes a list of cities and a list
		of known routes between cities, and generates the distance
		and time required to reach your destination.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

CONTENTS OF DISK 0252
---------------------

CrossDOS	A "tryware" version of a mountable MS-DOS file system
		for the Amiga.  This is a software product that allows
		you to read and write MS-DOS/PC-DOS and Atari ST
		formatted disks (Version 2.0 or higher) directly from
		AmigaDOS.  This tryware version is a "readonly" version,
		which does not allow any writes to the disk.  A fully
		functional version is available for a very reasonable
		price from CONSULTRON.  This is version 3.05b, an update
		to version 3.02 on disk 240.  Binary only.
		Author:  CONSULTRON, Leonard Poma

TrekTrivia	Very nice mouse-driven trivia type program for Star Trek 
		fans.  Contains 100 questions with additional trivia disks
		available from the author.  This is version 2.0, an update
		to the version on disk 180, and includes selectable skill
		levels, a cheat mode, and 250K of digitized music.  Binary
		only, shareware.
		Author:  George Broussard 

Zerg		An Ultima clone that takes your character through a simple
		but deadly fantasy world where you get to slaughter monsters,
		talk with the inhabitants of fully populated towns, embark
		on royal quests, purchase a plethora of weapons, cast spells,
		and otherwise occupy yourself while your computer is engaged
		in more important business.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Shapiro

CONTENTS OF DISK 0253
---------------------

DumpDiff	A small utility that prints the hexdumps of 2 files,
		with all differences between these two files highlighted.
		Version 1.0, includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

Elements	Very nice interactive display of the the Periodic Table 
		of Elements.  Can display a large amount of pertinent
		data about a selected element along with a good deal of 
		general and miscellaneous info.  This is version 1.2a,
		an update to the version on disk 175.  It loads faster,
		takes up less disk space, fixes a minor bug, and adds
		a couple of enhancements.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

KeyMac		A keyboard macro processor that allows you to record
		keystrokes and then play them back.  Version 0.1,
		includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

MegaWB		A program that makes it possible to make your WorkBench
		screen as large as you like.  Version 1.2, includes source
		in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

MuchMore	Another program like "more", "less", "pg", etc.  This one
		uses its own screen to show the text using a slow scroll.
		Includes built-in help, commands to search for text, and
		commands to print the text.  Works with PAL or NTSC, in
		normal or overscan modes.  Supports 4 color text in bold,
		italic, underlined, or inverse fonts.  Version 2.5, this
		is an update to version 1.8 from disk 234.  Includes source
		in Modula-II and assembly code.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

MultiSelect	A small program that makes it possible to select several
		icons on the workbench without having to press the Shift
		key.  This is version 1.0, includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

PowerPacker	A shareware command and data cruncher, with a full intuition
		user interface.  Executable files which are crunched are
		automatically decrunched upon execution, thus saving precious
		disk space on systems without hard disks.  Version 2.3b,
		binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

WBShadow	A small program that creates a shadow for everything
		that's displayed on your WorkBench (Windows, Icons, Gadgets,
		Menus, Texts, etc).  This is version 1.0, includes source
		in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

With		A CLI command that allows you to start any other CLI command
		several times and give it all the files that match a file
		pattern as an argument, one at a time.  This is version 1.0,
		includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0254
---------------------

Etale		Another "more" or "less" type file reader, which differs
		from the others in that it supports superscripts and
		subscripts at very low memory cost, and supports a
		complete Greek alphabet.  Includes source.
		Author:  William Hammond

MachII		A "mouse accelerator" program that also includes hotkeys,
		the features of sun mouse, clicktofront, popcli, title bar
		clock with a bbs online charge accumulator, and	more. 
		This is version 2.6, an update to version 2.4c on disk
		163.  Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Moats

PatternLib	A sharable library which implements AmigaDOS pattern
		matching, and a program that compiles "fd" files into
		library headers and interface stubs.  Includes source
		in Draco.
		Author:  Chris Gray (?), posted on BIX by Jeff White

SlotCars	A fast action one or two player game of "dueling" slotcars.
		Shoot rockets at your opponent and avoid his.  Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Moats

Uedit		Version 2.5b of this nice shareware editor.  Has learn
		mode, a command language, menu customization, hyper text,
		and other user configurability and customizability
		features.  Binary only, shareware, replaces version 2.4g
		on disk 189.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0255
---------------------

CyclicSpace	A Griffeathian cyclic space generator program.  Implements
		a cellular automaton as described in the August 89 issue
		of Scientific American.  Version 1.42, includes source in
		assembly code.
		Author:  A. J. Brouwer

MakeIcon	This program will make an icon (.info file) using image
		data from either another icon, or an IFF picture file.
		The image data is drawn on the screen so you can see
		exactly what your icon will look like.  You can also
		go the other way, and make IFF files from icons, which
		can then be loaded into a standard IFF graphics editor.
		Version 1.1, binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Paul Blum

MED		A music editor much like SoundTracker.  A song consists
		of up to 50 blocks of music, which can be played in any
		order.  Editing features include cut/paste/copy tracks
		or blocks, changing the vibrato, tempo, crescendo, and
		note volume.  Other features include switching of the
		low-pass-filter on or off on a per song basis, and a cute
		little animated pointer of a guy doing "jumping jacks" in
		time to the music!  This is version 1.12, binary only.
		Source for a player program included.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen

RolandD110	A program to transfer sound samples between the Amiga
		and a Roland D-110.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Dieter Bruns

RolandS220	A program to transfer sound samples between the Amiga
		and a Roland S-220.  This is version 2.0, an update to
		MIDIsoft version 1.0 on disk 199.  Includes several
		enhancements.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dieter Bruns

SunMaze		The 3d maze demo from disk 171, now expanded with shadows
		in the corridors to give more sense of direction.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Werner Gunther,  Shadows by Dirk Reisig

CONTENTS OF DISK 0256
---------------------

BlitDemons	This program implements the Demons cellular automaton as
		described in the August, 1989, issue of Scientific American.
		Using extremely simple rules it exhibits rather complex 
		behaviour.  Uses the blitter to perform over 350,000 cell-
                generations per second.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Walter Strickler

NameGame	A game based on a popular type of word skill puzzle contest
		generally sponsored by newspapers.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mike Savin, Gladstone Productions

Stevie		A public domain clone of the UNIX 'vi' editor.  Supports
		window-sizing, arrow keys, and the help key.  This is
		version 3.7a, an update to version 3.6 on disk 217.
		Changes include the addition of ARP wildcard expansion
		for file names, support for the "!cmd" feature of vi,
		other small enhancements, and some bug fixes.  Includes
		source.
		Author: Various, Amiga work by G. R. (Fred) Walter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0257
---------------------

ColorReq	A color palette library callable from any program. Used
		to adjust the colors of any screen. Automatically adjusts
		to screen size, number of colors.  Has many features
		including SPREAD, COPY, UNDO, RGB, HSV, as well as
		customizable gadgets.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt and Jim Fiore

FileIO		An update to the file requester library that appeared on
		disk #203.  This one has new features, include files, docs,
		and examples in C, assembly, and Basic.  Binary only
		Author:  Jeff Glatt and Jim Fiore
			 based on original C by R.J. Mical

Vlt		VLT is both a VT100 emulator and a Tektronix (4014 plus
		subset of 4105) emulator, currently in use at SLAC
		(Stanford Linear Accelerator Center).  Although the VT100
		part was originally based on Dave Wecker et al.'s VT100,
		many enhancements were made. The program requires ARP,
		and it has an ARexx port.  XMODEM 1K/CRC and Kermit protocol
		support also included.  Other features include support for
		additional serial ports, external file transfer protocols,
		and "chat" mode.  The Tektronix emulation allows saving
		IFF files, PostScript files, and printing bitmaps to the
		printer.  This is version 4.226, an update to version 4.065
		on disk 245 and version 4.036 on disk 226.  It comes in two
		versions, one with Tektronix emulation, and one without.
		Other changes include full XPR version 2.0 support, and a
		scrollback/review/history buffer.  Binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0258
---------------------

Backup		Backup and Restore allow you to backup any directory
		tree with optional compression, and later extract all
		or part of the tree.  The protection, date, and file
		comment are saved with each file.  This is version 2.04,
		an update to version 2.01 on disk 168.  Binary only.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

DMouse		A versatile screen & mouse blanker, auto window activator,
		mouse accelerator, popcli, pop window to front, push
		window to back, etc, widget.  Includes DLineArt, a screen
		blanker replacement program for use with DMouse.  This is
		DMouse version 1.20, an update to the version on disk
		238 (also called version 1.20).  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

STReplay	A shared library which allows loading and playing of
		SoundTracker modules, even from high level languages like
		Basic or C, without any special effort.  Includes source.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

Suplib		The support library needed to rebuild various programs
		of Matt's from the source, including Dme, DMouse, etc.
		Update to version on disk 169.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0259
---------------------

EFJ		A fast action machine-code game (Escape From Jovi)
		featuring hi-res scrolling, large playfield, disk based
		high score list, stereo sound, multiple levels, a cheat
		mode, realistic inertia and gravitational effects, an
		animated sprite, and more.  Use a joystick in port 2 to
		control the ship.  This is version III, an update to the
		version on disk 148.  Includes source in assembly code.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0260
---------------------

Accordion	Demo version of a solitaire type card game.  The object
		of the game is to condense all the cards into one pile.
		The cards are dealt face up from left to right, one at
		a time.  Piles are built by moving a card or pile from
		the left onto a card or pile to the right.  Version 1.0.1,
		binary only.
		Author:  Steve Francis

Calculation	Demo version of a solitaire type card game.  The object
		of the game is to stack the cards into four ordered stacks,
		one that counts by one, another that counts by two, another
		that counts by three and another that counts by four.
		Version 1.0.2, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Francis

CCLib		An implementation of the standard C library, that is done
		as an Amiga shared library, containing over 140 functions.
		Version 1.3, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Albrecht

SeaHaven	Demo version of a solitaire type card game.  The object
		of the game is to separate the deck into its four suits,
		each in an ordered stack from ace to king.  Version 1.1,
		binary only.
		Author:  Steve Francis

CONTENTS OF DISK 0261
---------------------

CopDis		A copper list disassembler that can be run from the
		CLI or linked with and run directly from an application
		program.  This is version 0.0a and includes source.
		Author:  Karl Lehenbauer

ShowBiz		A fun animation with mice, a dancing alligator,
		a sheep on a trampoline, and more.  Includes
		source in "director format".
		Author:  Robert Corns

XprZmodem	An Amiga shared library which provides ZModem file
		transfer capability to any XPR-compatible communications
		program.  This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.0
		on disk 236.  It adds support for XPR spec version 2.0
		capabilities, including automatic download activation,
		better user interface for setting options, improved
		transmission speed, and other minor enhancements.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Rick Huebner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0262
---------------------

Indent		This is version 1.1 of GNU Indent, a C source code 
		formatter/indenter.  Especially useful for cleaning
		up inconsistently indented code.  Includes source.
		Authors:  Developed by the University of California, 
		Berkeley, the University of Illinois, Urbana, and Sun 
		Microsystems, Inc.  GNU version by Jim Kingdon, Amiga 
		port by Dan Riley.

Jumble		A quick "brute force" program for solving for anagrams.
		Not very elegant, but gets the job done.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Groshart

Lotto		Lotto is designed to replace your user group's old shoebox
		full of membership numbers and names and add some pizzaz to
		the process of drawing for doorprizes at club meetings.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Groshart

QMouse		A very small mouse accelerator (4K) written in assembly
		language, but with most of the features of its larger
		cousins.  Not related to QMouse on disk 49.  This is
		version 1.6, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Lyman Epp

QView		A very small file view program (only 3K) written in assembly
		language, but with most of the features of its larger
		cousins.  Version 1.1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Lyman Epp

WorldDataBank	A project using geographical data, declassified and made
		available by the CIA under the Freedom of Information Act,
		to draw a Mercator projection of any area of the Earth
		that you would like to inspect, in various degrees of
		magnification.  Also includes a program that displays a
		"satellite view" of any region.  Version 2.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  The CIA, Mike Groshart, Bob Dufford

CONTENTS OF DISK 0263
---------------------

Sentinel	A large ray-traced animation created with Turbo Silver
		SV, Deluxe Photolab, Deluxe Paint III, and the Director.
		It consists of approximately 60 to 70 frames of animation,
		rendered during a period of about three and a half weeks.
		This is Bradley Schenck's entry to the 1989 BADGE Killer
		Demo contest, and won first place in the contest.  Because
		of its size, it has been split across two disks.  The rest
		of the files are on disk 264.  Requires 3Mb or more of
		memory to run.
		Author:  Bradley Schenck

CONTENTS OF DISK 0264
---------------------

Sentinel	A large ray-traced animation.  This is Bradley Schenck's
		entry to the 1989 BADGE Killer Demo contest, and won first
		place in the contest.  Because of its size, it has been
		split across two disks.  The rest of the files are on disk
		263.
		Author:  Bradley Schenck

CONTENTS OF DISK 0265
---------------------

VAUX-Killer	A very funny animation which won 2nd place in the 1989
		BADGE Killer Demo Contest.  Because of its size, the
		demo is split across two disks.  The other files are
		on disk 266.  Two floppy drives, or a hard disk, are
		strongly recommended.  Binary only.
		Author:  Roger Curren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0266
---------------------

VAUX-Killer	A very funny animation which won 2nd place in the 1989
		BADGE Killer Demo Contest.  Because of its size, the
		demo is split across two disks.  The other files are
		on disk 265.  Two floppy drives, or a hard disk, are
		strongly recommended.  Binary only.
		Author:  Roger Curren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0267
---------------------

Diglib		An Amiga device independent graphics library for fortran
		applications.  This is an enhanced and debugged version
		of a public domain library, the development of which was
		sponsored by the US Government.  This library is required
		for part of the Matlab package, also included on this disk.
		Includes source in FORTRAN.
		Author:  Hal Brand, Craig Wuest, James Locker

Mackie		A versatile cli/macro-key initiator based on POPCLI with
		a unique method	of "screen-blanking".  I won't say more,
		just try it!  This is version 1.3, an update to version
		1.2 from disk 189.  Now includes automatic generation of
		different patterns and some bug fixes.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

Matlab		A FORTRAN package (MATrix LABoratory) developed by Argonne
		National Laboratories for in house use.  It provides
		comprehensive vector and tensor operations in a package
		which may be programmed either through a macro language
		or through execution of script files.  Supported functions
		include sin, cos, tan, arcfunctions, upper triangular,
		lower triangular, determinants, matrix multiplication,
		identity, hilbert matrices, eigenvalues, eigenvectors,
		matrix roots, matrix products, inversion, and more.
		Amiga specific features include workbench startup, polar
		plots, contour plots, enhanced plot buffer control, and
		algorithmic plot display generation.  Includes source in
		FORTRAN.
		Author:  Cleve Moler, Jim Locker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0268
---------------------

Doctor_A	This animation of Amiguy on the basketball court is
		Marvin's entry to the 1989 BADGE Killer Demo Contest.
		The animation source (for SculptAnimate-4D) is available
		from the author.
		Author:  Marvin Landis

Klide		This line art demo is Jerry's entry to the 1989 BADGE
		Killer Demo Contest, where it won 4th place.  Klide uses
		line mode blitter code which is capable of rendering short
		vectors at a rate up to 15,000 lines/second.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jerry Kallaus

OnlyAmiga	This demo is Rob's entry to the 1989 BADGE Killer Demo
		Contest, where it won 9th place.  It demonstrates sound,
		multitasking, HAM color, the blitter, and more.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Rob Peck

CONTENTS OF DISK 0269
---------------------

Calendar	A program that generates calendars in any one of 10
		standard formats for any year after 1900.  Binary only.
		Author:  Pierre A du Parte

ChessTutor	Chess tutor is a program designed to introduce novice
		chess players to the basics of the game.  Shareware,
		written in AmigaBASIC.		
		Author:  William Jordan

PropGadget	Example code for using proportional gadgets, written
		in assembly code and C, that can be called from your
		own application.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jerry Trantow

RadBoogie	This demo, which won 7th place in the 1989 BADGE Killer
		Demo Contest, uses almost all features of the Amiga
		extensively, including the copper, blitter, sprite
		hardware, 68000 machine language, and preemptive
		prioritized multitasking.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Quick, Mark Riley, Tomas Rokicki

ShowDisk	A useful program that graphically shows the map of
		sectors used on floppy drives by one or more files.
		The mapping is color coded so you can identify what
		sectors are used by the various directories and files.
		Includes source in assembly language.
		Author:  Bernhard Meisner

SpinPointer	While going through some musty archives I found this
		little gem that got overlooked before.  It is a short
		source module that provides a "busy" indicator replacement
		for the standard mouse pointer.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

CONTENTS OF DISK 0270
---------------------

ColumnSet	A text filter program that takes as input a file with
		one word per line and produces a file with these words
		laid out in the same order in even columns, as many as
		will fit across the output screen or page with at least
		one space between columns.  Includes source in Modula-2.
		Author:  Kent Paul Dolan

MRBackUp	A hard disk backup utility that does a file by file
		copy to standard AmigaDOS floppy disks.  Includes an
		intuition interface and file compression.  This is 
		version 3.3d, an update to version 2.4 on disk 170.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret
		
TooMuch3D	This animation is Jim's entry to the 1989 BADGE Killer
		Demo Contest, where it won 10th place.  It is a warning
		to those of you who spend too much time in front of your
		computer monitors.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jim Robinson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0271
---------------------

CPUStandoff	This cute "computer wars" animation is Bob's entry to
		the 1989 BADGE Killer Demo Contest.  Lots of visual
		jokes in this one.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bob Janousek

LaserBoing	This ray-traced animation with sound is Mike's entry to
		the 1989 BADGE Killer Demo Contest.  This "Amiga Boing"
		ball is just loaded with energy!  Binary only.
		Author:  Mike van der Sommen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0272
---------------------

AmigaPunt	A program designed to predict the performance of horses
		in a race.  The premise is that the factors affecting
		a horse's performance, and ultimately the result of the
		race, can be given a value.  Binary only.
		Author:  Pierre A du Parte

Balloon		This animation with sound effects is Dave's entry to the
		1989 BADGE Killer Demo Contest.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Spigot		This ray-traced animation, using overscan HAM and sound
		effects, is Eric's entry to the 1989 BADGE Killer Demo
		Contest, where it won 6th place.  Binary only.
		Author:  Eric J. Fleischer (Dr Gandalf)

CONTENTS OF DISK 0273
---------------------

BattleForce	A nicely done shareware game, submitted by the author,
		that simulates combat between two or more giant, robot-like
		machines.  This is version 3.61, an update to version 3.01
		on disk 205.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ralph Reed

PennyWise	An easy to use, flexible cashbook program using an Amiga
		Intuition interface.  It can be used to keep track of the
		financial transactions of a cheque, bank, business, or
		similar account.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Pierre A du Parte

CONTENTS OF DISK 0274
---------------------

HP11		Emulates an HP11C calculator including the program mode.
		Features an ON/OFF button that turns the calculator into
		an icon that will sit and wait until you need it again.
		This is version 1.1, an update to the version on disk 153,
		and includes a few bug fixes and minor changes.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  David Gay

KeyBiz		This little hack will make you think you have mice
		scurrying around in the back of your computer.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Mark Schretlen

LookFor		A general "find that file" utility which is handy for
		hard drives, multiple drives, and multilayered paths.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Schretlen

SlideMaster	A slideshow program that can show any IFF ILBM picture,
		including HAM, extra half bright, hires, interlace, and
		overscan, using several different wipes.  Also has an
		ARexx port and is fairly small.  Version 0.1, binary only.
		Author:  Aric Caley

Snap		A tool for clipping text or graphics from the screen, using
		the clipboard device.  Snap finds out character coordinates
		automatically, handles different fonts, keymaps, accented
		characters, and more.  Version 1.3, includes source.
		Author:  Mikael Karlsson

Xoper		Very comprehensive program to monitor and control system 
		activity.  Monitor cpu, memory usage, ports, interrupts,
		devices.  Close windows, screens, show loaded fonts or last
		Guru code number.  Clean up memory, flush unused libraries,
		devices, fonts. etc. and a whole bunch more!  Spawns its own
		process.  A very handy background task to have loaded. 
		This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.3 on disk 228,
		and has a completely rewritten interface and an iconify
		feature.  Assembly source included.
		Author:  Werner Gunther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0275
---------------------

Vt100		Version 2.9 of the original Amiga vt100 emulator with
		kermit and xmodem file transfer.  This version adds an
		AREXX port, new script and AREXX commands, some bug
		fixes, the ability to use custom external protocol
		modules (not XPR), and support for zmodem.  Update to
		version 2.8 on disk 138.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Wecker, Tony Sumrall, Frank Anthes,
			 and Chuck Forsberg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0276
---------------------

Blit		This animation is Richard's entry to the 1989 BADGE
		Killer Demo Contest.  An interesting feature of this
		animation is that it uses the Copper to show the lower
		right corner of the screen in Hi-Res, while leaving
		the rest of the screen in Lo-Res.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Addison

ClickDOS	A "directory utility" type program which is reasonably
		small, uses a single window on the Workbench screen
		(which can also be iconified), does not rely on other
		programs for most of its functions, and is very memory
		efficient.  This is version 1.10, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Scott Yates

DateRequester	A module that provides Intuition based support for
		soliciting a date value from the user.  It supports both
		point-and-click selection of date values and direct
		entry of the individual components.  It also includes
		a standalone ARexx driven date requester program which
		can be called from ARexx macro files.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

CONTENTS OF DISK 0277
---------------------

ARTM		ARTM (Amiga Real Time Monitor) displays and controls
		system activity such as tasks, windows, libraries, devices,
		resources, ports, residents, interrupts, and vectors.
		Version 0.9, binary only.
		Author:  Dietmar Jansen and F. J. Mertens

Icon		A high-level programming language with extensive facilities
		for processing strings and lists. Icon has several novel
		features, including expressions that may produce sequences
		of results, goal-directed evaluation that automatically
		searches for a successful result, and string scanning that
		allows operations on strings to be formulated at a high
		conceptual level.  Icon resembles SNOBOL4 in its emphasis on
		high-level string processing and a design philosophy that
		allows ease of programming and short, concise programs.
		This is version 7.5 of the public domain implementation of
		Icon from the University of Arizona.  It is an update to
		version 6.0 from disk 81.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ralph Griswold, Clinton Jeffery, et. al.

LabelPrint	A program that allows you to easily print labels for
		your disks.  This is version 3.0, an update to version
		2.5 from disk 238.  Shareware, binary only (source
		available from author).
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

LPE		LaTeX Picture Editor is a graphical editor for producing
		"pictures" for the LaTeX system, which may be imported by
		LaTeX.  You can draw boxes, dashed boxes, lines, vectors,
		circles, boxes with centered text, and plain text.  This
		is version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 243, and
		includes some new drawing tools, enhanced user interface
		features, optimized code, and some bug fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Joerg Geissler

WBAssign	A small WorkBench program that creates AmigaDOS assignments
		without having to open a CLI.  Assignments may be made by
		specifying a complete path (as supported by the CLI command),
		or by specifying a path relative to the current directory.
		This allows a program and its assigns to be moved easily.
		In addition, WBAssign can create assigns specified in the
		icon files of other programs located anywhere in the system.
		This is version 1.20, binary only.
		Author:  John Gerlach Jr.

WBRes		A program that allows WorkBench users to have resident
		programs, as in the resident capability of WShell, the
		ARP shell, and the WB1.3 Shell.  Version 1.2b, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  John Bickers

CONTENTS OF DISK 0278
---------------------

AmigaTrek	Three stories which are a parody of the Star Trek series,
		with an Amiga flavor.
		Author:  Mike Smithwick

ASpice		A version of the SPICE 2G.6 circuit analysis program
		which has been modified to run in the Amiga environment.
		The program arrays are adjusted to require one tenth the
		memory of the DEC VAX version.  Although this does not
		usually put much of a constraint on circuit analysis,
		some users who are used to the full mainframe environment
		may have to be more aware of the memory demands of their
		analysis.  Requires a minimum  of 1 MB memory.  This
		version neither supports nor requires the 68020 processor
		or 68881 coprocessor.  This is Amiga version 5.1, an update
		to version 2.3 on disk 177.  Binary only.
		Authors:  Many, see Documentation.  Amiga port by Dan Warns.

Frag		Two CLI utilities that show disk and file fragmentation on
		AmigaDOS floppies.  Includes source.
		Author:  David Gay

CONTENTS OF DISK 0279
---------------------

Ash		A ksh-like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features
		include command substitution, shell functions with
		parameters, aliases, local variables, local functions,
		local aliases, powerful control structures and tests,
		emacs style line editing and history functions, I/O
		redirection, pipes, large variety of built-in commands,
		Unix style wildcards, Unix style filename conventions,
		filename completion, and coexistence with scripts from
		other shells.  Very well documented.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

MouseClock	A clock and free memory display utility that generates
		a small display tied to your mouse, using two hardware
		sprites as the display area.  Version 1.2, includes
		source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

MRBackUp	A hard disk backup utility that does a file by file
		copy to standard AmigaDOS floppy disks.  Includes an
		intuition interface and file compression.  This is
		version 3.3e, an update to version 3.3d on disk 270,
		to fix a serious bug in that version.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

MRPrint		A detabbing print utility that sends text files to
		either the printer device or the standard output.
		Besides expanding tabs, it will also generate page
		headers, line numbers, and new margins.  Version 3.4,
		includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

CONTENTS OF DISK 0280
---------------------

Berserker	A virus detection program that can detect various forms
		of the common bootblock and link type viruses.  Rather
		than checking for a specific virus, it looks for conditions
		that indicate a possible virus infection, thus it can
		detect new strains of similar viruses.  Version 3.0+,
		includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Ralf Thanner

CM		A celestial mechanics simulator with an Intuition
		interface.  You construct a layout of celestial bodies
		and specify various parameters for the bodies and the
		simulation.  CM then animates the bodies according to
		the laws of gravitational attraction.  Setups may be
		saved to disk to later reinact interesting scenarios.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  W. John Guineau

Graph		A program that draws mathematical functions on a plane.
		Text and axes may be added, and the result saved to
		disk or printed.  Uses a full Intuition interface with
		multiple windows (one per graph), requesters, etc.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  David Gay

CONTENTS OF DISK 0281
---------------------

Diff		GNU diff and diff3 utilities, version 1.10.  This
		version provides all the features of BSD's diff plus
		options to diff non-ASCII files, to ignore changes
		that just insert or delete blank lines, to specify
		the amount of context for context diffs, plus more.
		This version of GNU diff is part of the RCS package
		found on disk 282.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Haertel, David Hayes, Richard Stallman
			 & Len Tower.  Amiga port by Raymond Brand and
			 Rick Schaeffer.

DiffDir		Compares the contents of two directories, generating
		a list of differences to the standard output.  Detects
		files or directories present in one hierarchy but not
		the other, file attributes that are different (dates,
		flags, comments, etc), and differences in file size.
		Version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 188.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

FarPrint	Debugging functions for programs which don't have any links
		to their environment.  FarPrint consists of two major parts;
		a harbour process open to receive and distribute messages
		and requests, and a set of C functions to be linked into
		any program wishing to communicate with the FarPrint main
		process.  Version 1.3, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

LoadImage	An IFF ILBM reader that accepts overscanned pictures,
		allows you to scroll around in the bitmap if the picture
		is larger than the current display, works on both PAL and
		NTSC machines, supports color cycling using interrupt code,
		and supports printing of image portions.  Version 1.9,
		includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

MRARPFile	Extended ARP file support package that adds an orthogonal
		set of routines which support generalized I/O with resource
		tracking while using the ARP library.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

MRMan		A package which contains an Amiga document reading system
		similar to the "man" command on UNIX systems.  It offers
		a high degree of flexibility in the naming and placement
		of document files on your system.  This is version 1.0 and
		includes source.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

CONTENTS OF DISK 0282
---------------------

PrintHandler	A custom PRT: driver which offers easy single sheet support
		as well as limited data spooling.  Version 1.1, includes
		source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

RCS		The Revision Control System (RCS) manages multiple
		revisions of text files. RCS automates the storing,
		retrieval, logging, identification, and merging of
		revisions. RCS is useful for text that is revised
		frequently, for example programs, documentation,
		graphics, papers, form letters, etc.  This is RCS
		version 1.2, and includes source (the source to the
		GNU diff program used with this distribution of RCS
		can be found on disk 281).
		Author:  Walter Tichy.  Amiga port by Raymond Brand
			 and Rick Schaeffer.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0283
---------------------

Bref		A cross reference program for AmigaBASIC code.  Generates
		a list of the BASIC code with lines sequentially numbered,
		plus a table showing all variables and labels used in the
		code, and the line numbers where they were used.  Created
		from the CREF program on disk 166, which was written by
		Mike Edmonds and Joel Swank.  Version 1.01, includes source.
		Author:  Dick Taylor

CWDemo		Demo version of a pop-up utility to control the color
		register assignments of Intuition custom screens.  This is
		version 3.2, an update to version 3.1 on disk 238.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Kimbersoft

FullReset	A program to get rid of all viruses, vector modifying
		programs, and residents, by forcing a specific reset.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jurgen Klein

MarbleSlide	The aim of this game is to build a slide on a 10 x 11
		board of pieces that move around, allowing the marble
		to reach the goal piece.  You play against time.  Also
		includes a board editor so you can build custom boards.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Handel

SensoPro	You try to remember and mimic the sound/color sequence
		played by the computer.  Each time you get it right,
		another sound/color is added to the sequence.  Great
		practice in case you ever find yourself in a "Close
		Encounters of the Third Kind" experience.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Peter Handel

WatchMan	A little screen hack inspired by "EyeCon" on Sun systems.
		Includes source.		
		Author:  Jonas Petersson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0284
---------------------

ARPTools	A group of small utility programs requiring ARP, that have
		been created to address some deficiencies of the ARP CLI
		environment, especially to exploit the potential offered
		by non-named pipes in the ARP shell.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Fabio Rossetti

Back		Two programs to assist users of Matt Dillon's Backup/Restore
		program in making error-free VERIFIED backups onto floppy
		disks.  Also useful as a trackdisk device example.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

Dme		Version 1.38 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple 
		WYSIWYG editor designed for programmers.  It is not a
		WYSIWYG word processor in the traditional sense.  Features
		include arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line
		statistics multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.
		Update to version 1.31 on disk number 169, includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon
		
FileTest	This routine is used to recursively descend the file system
		tree from a specified directory location, reading the files
		into memory (if they will fit) as it goes.  Useful as a
		complete test of file system integrity.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

IconTools	Here are some tools for icon tricks.  Note that these tools
		are really hacks because they exploit some areas of the 
		.info files that the current version of WorkBench does not
		clear or reset upon loading the icon.  There are three
		programs here which allow WorkBench drawer windows to appear
		in non-standard colors and allow you to move the position
		of the file name text to anywhere in the icon's graphic.
		Released to the public in the hope that 1.4 will allow more
		flexible user customization of the WorkBench appearance.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

RecurDir	A recursive directory program that is useful as an aid in
		ZOOing files in nested directories.  Allows one to easily
		ZOO the complete contents of a disk.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0285
---------------------

AvailMem	A small free memory counter that continuously displays the
		amount of free chip and fast memory in bytes (as opposed
		to K).  Version 1.03.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

DynaShow	A program and example image using a dynamic HiRes technique
		to display up to 4096 colors in high res with overscan.
		Dynamic HiRes uses a different 16 color palette on each
		scan line.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  NewTek
				
'Liner		'Liner is a freely distributable outliner.  It can be used
		to create outlines of any length, in a number of different
		formats, and can save the outlines as straight text for
		export to other programs.  Version 1.32.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

MSizer		A program that allows you to resize a window from any corner
		when holding down the left mouse button and the left Amiga
		key.  Includes source.
		Author:  Khaled Mardam-Bey

Plasma		A plasma cloud generator program that uses the extra
		halfbrite mode.  Plasma clouds are a special form of
		fractal which show very smooth color gradations.
		Version 1.f, includes source.
		Author:  Roger Uzun

Rubik		Translation to C of a Rubiks Cube solver program originally
		written in Basic by John Murphy.  Includes versions to do
		an "unwrapped" 2D solution, and a more visual 3D solution.
		Version 0.0, includes source.
		Author:  Roger Uzun

CONTENTS OF DISK 0286
---------------------

CCutils		Eight small CLI utilities that use the cclib.library
		shared library.  Includes a program to display disk
		usage on your menu bar, a program to check the integrity
		of IFF files, a program to remove shared libraries from
		memory if they are not being used, and more.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Robert Albrecht

EW		Patch for Intuition OpenWindow() and CloseWindow(), creating
		a Mac-style frame whenever a window is opened or closed.
		Very short, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

FastDisk	A disk optimizer providing two ways of optimizing.
		Originally written by Thorsten Stolpmann. This is version
		II, now featuring an Intuition interface, ARP support,
		bug hunting, and Lattice C compatibility, done by Oliver
		Wagner. Includes source in C.
		Author:  Thorsten Stolpmann and Oliver Wagner

S220to8SVX	Converts sound samples from a Roland S-220/S-10/MKS-100
		to 8SVX IFF 8-bit samples.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Dieter Bruns

Txt2Exe		This program takes a text file, creating a runnable command
		which will output the text.  Allows various operations to be
		done on the text.  Binary only.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

Uedit		Version 2.5d of this nice shareware editor.  Has learn
		mode, a command language, menu customization, hyper text,
		and other user configurability and customizability
		features.  Binary only, shareware, update to version 2.5b
		on disk 254.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0287
---------------------

DAsm		A multipass, symbolic, macro assembler for multiple target
		machines, including 6502, 68705, 6803, and 6811.  Supports
		conditional assembly, addressing mode overrides, arbitrary
		number of named segments, pseudo-ops for repeat loops, data
		generation, etc.  Version 2.12, includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

FullView	A text viewer that uses gadgets at the bottom of the screen
		(thus can display text 80 columns wide), opens up to the
		full height of the Workbench screen, has fast scrolling,
		and can work with compressed files (file compression
		program included).  Shareware, binary only, source available
		from author.  This is version 1.1, an update to the version
		on disk 242.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

JPDirUtil	A directory-utilities type program with many built-in
		commands, and 16 customisable gadgets.  User configurable in
		many ways.  Can be iconified to Workbench screen.  This is
		version 1.11, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

MouseCoords	A small assembly utility which shows you the current
		position of the mouse pointer.  Can be "jumped" to operate
		on any screen.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

OSK		A software keyboard, which allows you to type using the
		mouse.  Can be made to send keystrokes to any window, and
		can be iconified.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

PopDir		A small utility which "pops open" to help you look at the
		contents of a particular directory on demand.  Version 1.6,
		an update to version 1.4 on disk 204.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

Unshar		This program extracts files from Unix shar archives.  It
		scores over similar programs by being small and fast,
		handling extraction of subdirectories, and recognising a
		wide variety of `sed' and `cat' shar formats.  Version 1.1,
		includes C source.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

VirusX		Version 4.0 of a popular virus detection/vaccination
		program.  This is an update to version 3.20 from disk 216.
		Includes a check for the new Xeno virus.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett, Dan James, Jim Meyer

ZeroVirus	A fully integrated virus checker and killer, with bootblock
		save and restore features.  Finds both bootblock and file
		based viruses.  Uses Brainfiles to recognise viruses, and has
		"on-line" Brainfile editing facilities.  Can be iconified to
		Workbench screen.  This is version 2.01, an update to version
		1.3 on disk 242.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0288
---------------------

DiskSpeed	A disk speed testing program specifically designed to give
		the most accurate results of the true disk performance of
		the disk under test.  Automatically updates and maintains
		an ASCII database of disk results for tested disks.  This
		is version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 251, with
		a few new features and a cleaner user interface.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

PlotData2D	Plots data onto a custom user defined screen and window,
		reading the plot and screen/window definitions, along with
		the X and Y data pairs, from a disk file.  Supports linear,
		log-log, and semi-log axis plots.  The data can be plotted
		with lines, symbols, or both.  Includes numerous example
		plots.  Version 1.0, includes source in Fortran.
		Author:  Robert C. Singleterry Jr.

Scripit		A script language that allows you to automate actions you
		would normally have to do manually.  Scripit can do anything
		that you do manually, by either the mouse or keyboard, by
		using a set of commands that instruct Scripit to simulate
		specific mouse or keyboard actions.  Also has an ARexx port,
		so it can be driven by ARexx allowing ARexx control over
		programs that do not have ARexx ports.  Includes both a
		recorder to generate scripts and a player to execute them.
		This is version 1.20, binary only.
		Author:  Khalid Aldoseri

CONTENTS OF DISK 0289
---------------------

AmiGo		A Go board and player for the Amiga.  You can play against
		another human, against the Amiga, or have the Amiga play
		itself.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Todd Johnson, Stoney Ballard

Atree		A disk utility which imitates similar utilities widely
		available on IBM compatibles (PC Tools, Xtree, QuickDos,
		etc).  The intent is to allow the user a graphic
		representation of the entire directory structure on a
		disk device, including the files in each directory, and
		the capability of moving quickly through the tree to a
		directory to access its files.  Version 1.7, binary only.
		Author:  Don Schmidt

LHArc		An archive program like Arc and Zoo, with a heavy emphasis
		maximum compression for minimum archive size, using LZHUF
		compression.  This is Amiga version 1.0 (compatible with
		MSDOS version 1.13).  Binary only.
		Author:  Paolo Zibetti

Orbit		Plots the ground trace of satellites on a map of the earth,
		using the orbital elements for some 130 satellites, from a
		list which is updated every two weeks on Compuserve.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Timothy Middendorf

TreeWalk	A command for visiting all the files of a subtree of an
		Amiga file system, testing every file in the specified
		subtree against a supplied "filter" expression, and if
		the file passes through the filter, to issue the specified
		command with that file as one of the arguments.  It is
		designed to be reasonably fast, robust, and not use a
		lot of stack space or any other critical resources.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Meyer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0290
---------------------

DPlot		A simple display program for experimental data, with the
		goals of supporting paging through lots of data and 
		providing comfortable scaling and presentation.  This is
		version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 237, and
		incorporates several significant enhancements.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  A. A. Walma

IPC		An IPC (Inter-Process Communication) package, with the
		goal of creating a standard for IPC on the Amiga that
		is flexible enough to handle the widest possible range
		of applications.  The protocol used addresses different
		problem areas than ARexx, and emphasizes different aspects
		of the communication process, such as fast communication
		and preservation of data structure.  Includes source.
		Author:  Pete Goodeve and Peter da Silva

KillReq		A small program which disables Intuition's AutoRequest
		function.  In particular, this prevents AmigaDOS from
		putting up system requesters, which is useful if you are
		operating your Amiga remotely and can't use the mouse to
		click CANCEL.  Unlike similar utilities which affect only
		a single CLI, KillReq disables ALL requesters.  This is
		version 1.0 and includes C source.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

Xicon		Xicon lets you use icons to call up scripts containing CLI
		commands.  This is version 2.5, an update to version 2.01
		on disk 157.  New features include automatic selection of
		the correct execution directory, the option to have
		keyboard interaction, and the use of IF, ELSE, etc DOS
		commands.  Binary only.
		Author:  Pete Goodeve

CONTENTS OF DISK 0291
---------------------

GMC		A console handler with command line editing and function
		key support.  GMC provides extended command line editing,
		function key assignment in four levels, extended command
		line history, online help for functions in the handler,
		and an iconify function.  Version 4.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gotz Muller

Keyboard	Functions to translate RAWKEY Intuition messages into
		usable keycodes.  Includes source.
		Author:  Fabbian Dufoe

Sim		A simulator for register-transfer nets, which are used to
		describe hardware systems.  This version also provides
		a compiler to define new devices in addition to Sim's
		internal devices.  This is version 4.2, an update to
		version 4.0 on disk  229.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gotz Muller

SKsh		A ksh-like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features
		include command substitution, shell functions with
		parameters, aliases, local variables, local functions,
		local aliases, powerful control structures and tests,
		emacs style line editing and history functions, I/O
		redirection, pipes, large variety of built-in commands,
		Unix style wildcards, Unix style filename conventions,
		filename completion, and coexistence with scripts from
		other shells.  Very well documented.  Version 1.2, an
		update to version 1.0 on disk 279, where it was called
		ash.  Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0292
---------------------

Devstat		Assembly code example of locating and listing information
		about all mounted devices.  Includes source.
		Author:  Fabrice Lienhardt

FileRequest	Assembly code example of a file requester.  This is
		version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 173, where
		it was called FileSelect.  New features include 3 speed
		scrolling of filenames and ghosting of unavailable
		devices.  Includes source.
		Author:  Fabrice Lienhardt  

MultiPlot	A package for making 2D plots conveniently.  Tim Mooney
		wrote the original program, which was then enhanced by
		Alan Baxter with a nicer user interface, support for
		the PLT: device, and support for file conversions.  Rich
		Champeaux and Jim Miller wrote the PLT: handler which
		emulates a plotter by accepting HP-GL commands, creating
		a raster image, then dumping it to any preferences supported
		graphics printer.  This is version XLN and includes source
		to MultiPlot.  Update to version 1.2 on disk 231, where it
		was called just "Plot".  This version is 2D only.
		Author:  Alan Baxter, Tim Mooney, Rich Campeaux, Jim Miller

CONTENTS OF DISK 0293
---------------------

ClockDJ		A utility which combines a clock, mouse accelerator,
		screen blanker, window manipulator, function keys, and
		macros into a single program, written in assembly
		language for maximum efficiency.  Includes an ARexx
		port.  Version 4.07, binary only.
		Author:  David Jenkins

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 001-292 using the brik
		program.  These were made directly from my master disks.
		I have switched to brik, from the crc program used to make
		the lists on disks 133, 146, and 173, because it has more
		features and because source is available.  This is an
		update to the lists on disk 233.
		Author:  Fred Fish

CONTENTS OF DISK 0294
---------------------

DNet		A link protocol that provides essentially an unlimited
		number of reliable connections between processes on
		two machines, where each end of the link can be
		either an Amiga or a Unix (BSD4.3) machine.  Works
		on the Amiga with any EXEC device that looks like the
		serial.device.  Works on UNIX with tty and socket
		devices.  Achieves better than 95% average throughput
		on file transfers.  This is version 2.10.13, an update
		to version 2.0 released on disk 220.  Includes sources
		for both the Amiga and Unix versions.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

FmsDisk		A file based trackdisk simulator, useful for creating
		a floppy-like partition on your hard disk (so you can
		diskcopy to a floppy) without actually having to create
		a special partition for it.  Also useful for testing
		new filesystems and such.  Supports up to 32 units,
		with either the old filesystem or the new fast filesystem.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0295
---------------------

GnuGrep		The grep program from the GNU project.  Replaces grep
		fgrep, egrep, and bmgrep.  Currently does not expand
		Amiga style wildcards, so if you wish to scan multiple
		files you will need to use it with a shell that does this
		for you.  This is version 1.5, an update to version 1.3
		on disk 204.  Includes source.
		Author:  Many (see README file)

Lhwarp		A program which will read tracks directly from your floppy
		disk, compress them using adaptive huffman encoding, and
		output them to a file.  The resulting file can be used by
		lhwarp to reconstruct an image of the original disk.  This
		is version 1.03 and includes source.
		Author:  Jonathan Forbes

MandelMountains
		A program that renders three-dimensional images of
		blowups of the Mandelbrot set.  Includes several example
		images.  Version 1.1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mathias Ortmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0296
---------------------

Comal		Demo of AmigaCOMAL (missing only SAVE), an incremental
		p-code compiler from Denmark.  COMAL is a language with
		the design goal of combining the modern structured
		approach of Pascal with the ease of use and interactivity
		of BASIC.  There are versions of COMAL for IBM, VAX, CP/M,
		C-64, Amiga and various European operating systems.
		Includes a complete turtle graphics package.  Is perfect
		for education yet powerful enough for applications
		programming.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Svend Daugaard Pedersen
			 Freddy Dan Dalgas Kristiansen

Patch		A port of the very useful UNIX utility which applies context
		diffs to text files to automatically update them.  This is a
		port of version 2.0.1.6 (patch level 12), which Eric has
		dubbed Amiga version 1.0.  It is an update to an earlier
		version on disk 129.  Includes source.
		Author:  Larry Wall, Amiga port by Eric Green

CONTENTS OF DISK 0297
---------------------

Clean		A small program written in assembly code, to be used
		in conjunction with a cleaning disk, to clean your
		floppy drive heads.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Dan Burris

DevKit		A collection of C and ARexx language programs to
		facilitate the software development process.  With
		DevKit, you can launch your compiler from within your
		editor, have the cursor positioned on your errors, look
		up the autodoc page for any Amiga function at a single
		keystroke, find a system structure within the include
		files, or find any function in the code you are writing.
		Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Peter Cherna

Elements	Very nice interactive display of the the Periodic Table 
		of Elements.  Can display a large amount of pertinent
		data about a selected element along with a good deal of 
		general and miscellaneous info.  This is version 1.3,
		an update to version 1.2a on disk 253.  It adds a non-
		interlace mode and extend selection of two elements.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

Hypno		A "bouncing polygons" type program like Mackie, LineArt,
		and Bezier.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Markus Schmidt

Jed		A nicely done, intuition-based editor that is quite
		user-friendly.  Features word-wrap, auto-indent, newcli,
		alt buffer, split-window, keyboard macro, help, printing,
		and more.  This is version 1.1, an update to version 1.0
		on disk 180.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dan Burris

SuperMenu	An information display system you can use to quickly and
		easily display text files (and sections of text files) with
		the press of a button.  Version 1.62, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

WriteIcon	Sample code that creates an icon using a compiled-in image,
		the source of which can be created with Icon2C on disk 56.
		Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Dan Burris

CONTENTS OF DISK 0298
---------------------

BBChampion	This is BootBlockChampionIII, a very nicely done program
		that allows you to load, save, and analyze any bootblock.
		This is version 3.21, an update to version 3.1 on disk
		244.  New features include checks for five different LAMER
		viruses and some other enhancements.  Binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

DClock		A "Dumb Clock" utility that displays the date and time in
		the Workbench screen title bar.  Uses only about 2 percent
		of the CPU time and about 10Kb of memory.  Also has an
		alarm clock feature and audible beep for programs that
		call DisplayBeep.  Version 1.5, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

Fenster		A program which can operate on windows owned by another
		program, to close them, change their size, refresh gadgets,
		move the window to the background, etc.  This is version
		2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 245.  Includes source.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

FileMaster	A file editor like NewZap or FedUp, which allows you to
		manipulate bytes of a file.  You may also change the file
		size or execute a patch.  Version 1.11, includes source.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0299
---------------------

Hangman		A simple hangman program similar to one seen on some
		UNIX machines.  Currently runs only from CLI.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Gary Brant

Rxil		An ARexx interface library that makes it easy for programs
		to implement a complete, robust ARexx interface with
		minimal effort.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Don Meyer

SceneGenDemo	Demo of a program called Scene Generator, that generates
		very realistic looking landscapes.  This program is an
		enhanced, low cost commercial version, of the Scenery
		program included on disk 155.  This is version 2.03,
		binary only.
		Author:  Brett Casebolt

Yacc		This is a port of Berkeley Yacc for the Amiga.  This
		Yacc has been made as compatible as possible with the
		AT&T Yacc, and is completely public domain.  Note that
		it is NOT the so-called Decus Yacc, which is/was simply
		a repackaging of the proprietary AT&T Yacc.  Amiga
		version 1.0a, includes source.
		Author:  Bob Corbett, Amiga port by Eric Green

CONTENTS OF DISK 0300
---------------------

SuperEcho	A neat program to be used with Perfect Sound-like audio
		digitizers that generates LIVE audio effects, including
		Echos, Deep Voice, Squeaky Voice, Many People, M-M-Max
		Headroom and much more.  Binary only.
		Author:  Kevin Kelm

TACL		An adventure player for games written with The Adventure
		Construction Language, a commercial computer language.
		Includes two sample games; one is text-only and the other
		is text-graphic.  Binary only, plus the TACL source code
		that was used to write the graphic adventure.
		Author:  Kevin Kelm and Rhett Rodewald

TitleGen	A simple script language program for generating vertically
		crawling title sequences in any font and up to 500 lines
		long.  Good for video production.  Version 1.6, binary only.
		Author:  Kevin Kelm

XenoZap		A program that recursively descends into directories,
		disabling the Xeno virus in all executable files that it
		finds.  Version 1.0, includes source in Modula-2.
		Author:  Kevin Kelm

CONTENTS OF DISK 0301
---------------------

Aquarium	A program for searching through a special database
		containing information about the contents of the
		library, in order to find programs that match a
		specified list of conditions.  Includes a database
		of disks 1-300, and a program to add the contents
		of future disks to the database.  Binary only.
		Author:  B Lennart Olsson

IffLib		A ready-to-use library to perform various manipulations
		on IFF files.  Includes a sample IFF viewer and a utility
		to save the front screen as an IFF file.  This is version
		16.1, an update to version 15.3 on disk 173, and includes
		a couple of bug fixes and some new features.  Binary only.
		Author:  Christian A. Weber

UeditUpdate	This is a partial update to the 2.5d version of Uedit on
		disk 286.  It includes only the UES executable, which has
		had patches d1 through d4 applied.  Disk 286 is still needed
		for a complete Uedit shareware distribution.  Binary only.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0302
---------------------

Chop		A program which uses a hotkey to chop a displayed screen
		down to a temporary maximum of 4 planes in lo-res or 2
		planes in hi-res, allowing the processor full speed access
		to chip memory.  Only the displayed screen is affected, the
		program painting the screen continues to work with the full
		color palette.  Unchoping the screen puts everything back
		to normal.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

DiskTalk	A cute little program, like "muncho" on disk 137, which
		plays digitized sound samples when you insert or remove a
		floppy disk.  Samples are saved as IFF sound files.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

MiscUtils	Some small sound and screen hacks.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

PPMore		Another "more" like utility.  This one reads text files
		that have been crunched with PowerPacker, thus saving space
		at the slight expense of some time to uncrunch the text.
		Version 1.3, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

ProgUtils	Some miscellaneous programming utilities and examples.
		Includes source in assembly code.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

QuickHelp	A utility that helps you make and display your own help
		files for commands.  Disk space usage is minimized by
		using PowerPacker to crunch the help files.  Version 1.2,
		binary only.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

RollOn		A "Soko-Ban" like shareware game, submitted by the author.
		Includes both English and German versions, a level editor,
		and digitized sounds.  This is version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Tobias Eckert

Selector	A program that helps you assemble programs on a boot disk
		and start them in a user friendly way.  Version 2.5,
		binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

TurboMandel	A fast mandelbrot program, written in a mix of C and
		assembly language.  You can select between using floating
		point or integer calculation.  Other features include a
		full intuition interface, cycling capabilities, extensive
		color control, a user definable iteration depth, fully
		implemented zoom, a 3-D display mode, support for extra
		halfbrite as well as interlace and hires, IFF load and
		save, accuracy selections, and more.  Version 1.0,
		includes source in assembly and C.
		Author:  Marivoet Philip

CONTENTS OF DISK 0303
---------------------

All of this material was submitted on disk directly by the author,
Lars Clausen, for inclusion in the library.  Thanks Lars!

CPM		A program to compute mandelbrots via the Continous
		Potential Method, as described in the book "The Science
		of Fractal Images" by H. O. Pietgen and D. Saupe.  It is
		used to make 3-dimensional pictures of the mandelbrot
		set.  This is a batch mode type program so several images
		can be generated, one after the other, without any human
		interaction.  Includes source.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

DEM		A program to compute mandelbrots via the Distance Estimator
		Method, as described in the book "The Science of Fractal
		Images" by H. O. Pietgen and D. Saupe.  It is used to make
		high resolution black-and-white images.  This is a batch
		mode type program so several images can be generated, one
		after the other, without any human interaction.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

Demon		This program implements the Demons cellular automaton as
		described in the August, 1989, issue of Scientific American.
		Using extremely simple rules it exhibits rather complex 
		behaviour.  Includes source.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

FixIcons	A program to scan through all files in a given volume or
		directory, looking for project icons and changing their
		default tools according to instructions given in a script
		file.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

IceFrac		A fractal generator using the Diffusion Limited Aggregation
		algorithm, as described in the book "The Beauty of Fractal
		Images".  This is version 2.1 and includes source.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

Rocket		Another program in the long tradition of screen hacks.
		This one zeroes in on your mouse pointer.  Binary only.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

ScreenZap	A utility that forcibly removes screens and windows from
		your system.  Useful to get rid of zombie screens or windows
		that have been left around by aborted or buggy programs.
		This is version 2.3 and includes source.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

SnowFall	Another program in the long tradition of screen hacks for
		the amiga.  Watch the snow fall, get blown around by the
		wind, and collect in realistic heaps.  Includes source.
		Author:  Lars Clausen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0304
---------------------

All of this material was submitted on disk directly by the author,
Joel Swank, for inclusion in the library.  Thanks Joel!

Circles		A circles pattern generator, reminiscent of one of the
		early Amiga demos.  Version 1.1, includes source in C.
		Author:  Joel Swank

DocSplit	A program to split the 1.3 autodoc files into individual
		subroutine files.  One file is created for each subroutine,
		with the name created by appending ".doc" to the subroutine
		name.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Gears		A program to calculate and display the gears of a multispeed
		bicycle.  Works for bicycles with 3 to 21 gear combinations.
		Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

IRA		Allows easy calculation of future values of investment.
		Enter the beginning investment value, annual percentage
		rate, annual deposit amount, and number of years, to
		compute the future value.  Version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Lines		A color line pattern generator, adapted from Mackie.
		Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Mean18		Two custom golf courses for Mean 18.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Multic		Formats a single column of input into multiple side by
		side columns.  Includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

PageCnt		Counts and displays the number of form feeds in a file,
		along with the length of the longest line.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Skel		A skeleton workbench application that makes writing
		workbench programs easier.  Provides routines for main,
		initialization and termination, gadget and menu handling,
		argument processing, help window, about requester, etc.
		Version 1, includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

SuperRetLab	Prints return address labels 3-up on single-wide 3.5 inch
		by 7/16/ inch label stock.  Can print up to 5 lines per
		label.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Verify		Walks a directory hierarchy reading all files, reporting
		any files that can't be entirely read.  Version 1.2,
		includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

CONTENTS OF DISK 0305
---------------------

Fenster		A program which can operate on windows owned by another
		program, to close them, change their size, refresh gadgets,
		move the window to the background, etc.  This is version
		2.1, an update to version 2.0 on disk 298.  Includes source.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

Lhwarp		A program which will read tracks directly from your floppy
		disk, compress them using adaptive huffman encoding, and
		output them to a file.  The resulting file can be used by
		lhwarp to reconstruct an image of the original disk.  This
		is version 1.20, an update to version 1.03 on disk 295.
		New features include much faster compression/decompression,
		a 32-bit CRC, and two additional compression methods.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Forbes

Mackie		A versatile cli/macro-key initiator based on POPCLI with
		a unique method	of "screen-blanking".  I won't say more,
		just try it!  This is version 1.4, an update to version
		1.3 from disk 267.  Includes fixes to work with latest
		WShell and the new 'never' keyword.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

Obsess		Obsess-O-Matic is a real-time puzzle game like Tetrix
		where the object is to fit the falling pieces together
		to form complete horizontal rows.  Features such as burning,
		exploding, and invisible pieces enhance game play.  Other
		features such as a puzzle piece editor are included in the
		version available directly from the author.  This is
		version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Wayne Phillips

PrFont		Prints a sample of each font from the fonts: directory.
		Draws one line of each font on a custom hires screen,
		which can be printed.  Version 1.3, includes source.
		Author:  Joel Swank

Reversi		Plays the classical reversi game on an 8 x 8 square field.
		Version 2.0, an update to version 1.2 on disk 245.  Includes
		source in assembly language.
		Author:  Marc Fischlin

SpaceLog	A database containing data for all of the man related space
		missions of the United States and the Soviet Union that were
		related to the development of manned space flight, from the
		beginning of the space age to the present (368 missions),
		listed in chronological order.  Includes an AmigaBASIC
		program to manipulate the database.  Version 1.54, binary
		only.
		Author:  Gene Heitman

CONTENTS OF DISK 0306
---------------------

All of this material was submitted on disk by Tomas Rokicki.  Thanks Tomas!

Life		A new version of Tomas's Life game.  This version includes
		a new torus option, an option to perform calculations with
		the processor rather than the blitter, and a couple of
		other minor changes.  This is an update to the version on
		disk 131, includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

RexxPlPlot	A library of C functions useful for scientific plotting
		on the Amiga.  The library is Lattice C compatible.
		Contour plotting, three dimensional plotting, axis
		redefinition, log-log plotting and multiple subpages are
		a few of Plplot's features.  The plots can be displayed
		on a monitor or sent to a graphics file for subsequent
		printing.  This is RexxPlPlot version 0.3, an update to
		Plplot version 1.00 on disk 222.  New features include
		an ARexx interface, support for IFF output, support for
		PostScript output, support for Preferences, some new
		functions, bug fixes, and more.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tony Richardson, Samuel Paolucci, Glenn Lewis
			 and Tomas Rokicki

Tree		A very simple directory tree traversal program, written
		primarily as an aid to creating zoo archives and disk
		backups.  Has options to exclude certain directories or
		files with specific extensions.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

CONTENTS OF DISK 0307
---------------------

DissiDemos	Demo of Midi Sample Wrench, which provides pro sample
		editing features for owners of musical samplers.
		Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

FileIO		A disk based shared library to make filename selection easy
		for load and save routines using an Intuition interface.
		This is version 1.5, and update to the version on disk 257.
		Now includes the ability to select multiple filenames and
		fixes some bugs in the 1.4 version.  Binary only.
		Author:  R. J. Mical, Jeff Glatt and Jim Fiore

Samp		Documentation and interface library for an IFF FORM
		"SAMP", 16-bit sampled sound file format.  This format
		allows more than one waveform per octave, and the lengths
		of different waveforms do not have to be factors of 2.
		Includes a utility to convert 8SVX files to SAMP format.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0308
---------------------

FReq		A general purpose file requester, which was designed to be
		easy to use and fast, with a built-in ARexx port allowing
		you to use it from ARexx scripts or applications with ARexx
		ports.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jeffrey D. Wahaus

ScreenShare	A library and support programs that enable applications
		to open up windows on other applications' custom screens.
		For example, your editor may want to open a window on
		your terminal emulator's screen so you can compose a
		message while still being able to see the contents of
		the terminal's screen.  Both applications must cooperate
		for the screen sharing to work.  This is version 1.21,
		an update to version 1.2 on disk 246.  Includes source
		for interface portions.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

StarBlanker	A screen blanker that replaces your display with a randomly
		chosen animated starfield.  Version 1.00, includes source
		in Modula-2.
		Author:  Chris Bailey

Vlt		VLT is both a VT100 emulator and a Tektronix (4014 plus
		subset of 4105) emulator, currently in use at SLAC
		(Stanford Linear Accelerator Center).  Although the VT100
		part was originally based on Dave Wecker et al.'s VT100,
		many enhancements were made.  Features include use of ARP,
		an ARexx port, XMODEM 1K/CRC and Kermit protocols, support
		for additional serial ports, external file transfer protocols
		(XPR), a "chat" mode, and scrollback/review/history buffer.
		It comes in two versions, one with Tektronix emulation, and
		one without.  The Tektronix emulation allows saving IFF files,
		PostScript files, and printing bitmaps to the printer.  This
		is version 4.428, an update to version 4.226 on disk 257.
		The major change for this update is a rewrite of the
		Tektronix emulation to support almost all of the Tektronix
		4105 escape sequences.  Binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0309
---------------------

Bind		A binding (glue) library builder.  Takes a standard
		'.fd' (function definition) file and generates a binding
		library for the functions defined in the '.fd' file.
		Version 1.2, an update to the version released with
		midilib on disk 227.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bill Barton

Csh		Version 4.00a of a csh like shell derived from Matt
		Dillon's shell, version 2.07.  This is an update to
		version 3.03a on disk 223.  Changes include ARP pattern
		matching, improved search command, some new commands
		like 'basename', some new options, bug fixes, and an
		ARexx port.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Steve Drew, Carlo Borreo, Cesare Dieni

SKsh		A ksh-like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features
		include command substitution, shell functions with
		parameters, aliases, local variables, local functions,
		local aliases, powerful control structures and tests,
		emacs style line editing and history functions, I/O
		redirection, pipes, large variety of built-in commands,
		Unix style wildcards, Unix style filename conventions,
		filename completion, and coexistence with scripts from
		other shells.  Very well documented.  Version 1.3, an
		update to version 1.2 on disk 291.  Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0310
---------------------

Mon		A machine code monitor/debugger program for the Amiga
		which is re-entrant and can be made resident.  This is
		version 1.24, binary only.
		Author:  Timo Rossi

UUCP		An implementation of uucp for the Amiga, including mail
		and news.  This is Matt's version 1.00 for the Amiga,
		based on William Loftus's Amiga UUCP 0.40 release with
		news code from his 0.60 release, and months of work by
		Matt Dillon to make fixes and add enhancements.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Various, major enhancements by Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0311
---------------------

CRobots		A game based on computer programming.  Unlike arcade type
		games which require human input controlling some object,
		all strategy in CRobots is condensed into a C language
		program that you design and write, to control a robot
		whose mission is to seek out, track, and destroy other
		robots, each running different programs.  All robots are
		equally equipped, and up to four may compete at once.
		Version 2.1w, binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Tom Poindexter, Amiga version by David Wright

Echo		Echo is a replacement for the AmigaDOS or ARP echo command.
		This version provides easy color setting or positioning for
		all echo'ed strings.  Completely compatible with the AmigaDOS
		and ARP echo commands, all your old batch files should work
		correctly.  Version 1.08c, includes source.		
		Author:  George Kerber (based on echo by Garry Glendown)
	
Etime		Etime will display the elapsed time between events.  This is
		useful in scripts to display the elapsed time between the
		beginning and ending.  Many options including color and time
		displayed as hh:mm:ss or total seconds.  Version 1.05c,
		includes source.
		Author:  George Kerber

Fortune		Fortune will ramdomly display a 'fortune' selected from the
		fortunes file (supplied).  The 'fortunes' file is easily
		modified or added to by the user, using any text editor.
		Fortune provides color and speech by user option.
		Version 2.04c, includes source.
		Author:  George Kerber

Incr		Incr will easily allow the user to keep a total count of
		any event run from a batch file.  Incr will take a number
		from a file, increment it by one and display the result.
		The new count is written back to the file.  Version 1.04b,
		includes source.
		Author:  George Kerber

PKAZip		The PKWare ZIP tool for the Amiga.  Provides functions
		to create, examine, extract, test, modify, display, and
		print files which are in the ZIP compressed format
		Uses a full Intuition interface with no CLI support.
		Version 01.00, binary only.
		Author:  PKWARE Inc, Amiga version by Dennis Hoffman

Udate		Udate is a replacement for the AmigaDOS date command,
		containing many options similiar to the UNIX date command.
		Udate will allow you to set the date and time via prompts
		or directly from the command line, will display any part
		of the date or time using the options in any color desired,
		and will also make an automatic adjustment of your system
		clock for Daylight Savings Time so your computer will be
		one less clock you will ever have to set twice a year for
		DST.  Version 1.15c, includes source.
		Author:  George Kerber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0312
---------------------

ChinaChallenge	A game similar to Shanghai or Mahjong.  The goal is to
		remove all parts of the pile, the so called Dragon, step
		by step.  This dragon is composed of 120 different game
		pieces.  You can always find four pieces displaying the
		same picture or chinese symbols.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Hoffmann

LHArc		An archive program like Arc and Zoo, with a heavy emphasis
		maximum compression for minimum archive size, using LZHUF
		compression. This is version 1.10, an update to version 1.0
		on disk 289.  Changes include 20-50% faster compression,
		17% faster decompression, file sorting, more efficient use
		of memory, a new progress indicator display, and some bug
		fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Paolo Zibetti

Moonbase	You must guide a lunar lander to ferry cargo from an 
		orbiting space station to bases on the surface of the moon.
		You get cargo and fuel for the lander by docking with the
		space station.  The goal is to complete all the assigned
		cargo deliveries, and to destroy as few landers as possible
		in doing so.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jim Barber

TrackSalve	A trackdisk patch which removes all known bugs and patches
		the trackdisk task to allow various enhancements, such as
		reading good sectors from partially bad tracks, write
		verification, write protect simulation, and turning off
		clicking.  Version 1.0, includes source in C and assembler.
		Author:  Dirk Reisig

CONTENTS OF DISK 0313
---------------------

UUCP		An implementation of uucp for the Amiga, including mail
		and news.  This is Matt's version for the Amiga, based
		on William Loftus's Amiga UUCP 0.40 release with news
		code from his 0.60 release, and months of work by Matt
		to make fixes and add enhancements.  This is version
		1.03D, an update to version 1.00 on disk 310.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Various, major enhancements by Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0314
---------------------

A68k		A 68000 assembler originally written in Modula-2 in
		1985 and converted to C by Charlie Gibb in 1987.  Has
		been converted to accept metacomco-compatible assembler
		source code and to generate Amiga objects.  Includes source.
		This is version 2.61, an update to the version on disk 186.
		Author:  Brian Anderson; C translation and Amiga work
			 done by Charlie Gibb

Zc		A full K&R C compiler based on a port of the Atari ST
		version of the Sozobon-C compiler.  Includes the C compiler
		main pass written by Johann Ruegg with fixes and enhancements
		by Joe Montgomery and Jeff Lydiatt, a cc front end written
		by Fred Fish with enhancements by Jeff Lydiatt and Ralph
		Babel, an optimizer written by Tony Andrews, an assembler
		written by Brian Anderson and Charlie Gibb, a linker written
		by the Software Distillery, generic include files, and a C
		runtime library written by Dale Schumacher and ported by
		Jeff Lydiatt.  This is version 1.01, an update to disks 171
		and 193.
		Author:  Various, see documentation.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0315
---------------------

AmigaFox	A text processor with graphics capabilities.  Version
		1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Wust

Drawmap		A program for drawing representations of the Earth's
		surface.  Can generate flat maps, mercator maps, globe
		views and orbital views.  This is version 2.0, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 229.  Enhancements include
		dropshadows, user text entry and placement, improved
		event processing and better looking mouse pointers.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Bryan Brown

Surf		Generates bezier surfaces of revolution.  Will produce some
		amazing pictures of wineglasses, doorknobs, or other objects
		one could turn on a lathe.  Includes the capacity to map IFF
		image files onto any surface that it can draw.  This is 
		version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 170.  Changes
		include support for data file formats that can be translated
		to input files for various 3D modeling programs, an increase
		in the number of grey shades available, and the capability of
		modifying the endpoints of segments.  Source included.
		Author:  Eric Davies

CONTENTS OF DISK 0316
---------------------

Formulae	An implementation of basic propositional formulae
		manipulation routines in Scheme (Scheme is available on
		disk 149).  Uses only essential procedures so it should
		run under any Scheme.  Includes source in Scheme.
		Author:  Gauthier Groult and Bertrand Lecun

Iff2C		Yet another IFF ILBM to C converter.  Two unique features
		are the ability to generate comments representing the
		actual image, and the planepick computation.  This is
		version 0.30 and includes source.
		Author:  Gauthier Groult and Jean Michel Forgeas

IntuiSup	A shared library which implements extensions to the Amiga
		operating system and graphical environment.  Includes
		several example programs that make use of the library,
		including building a nifty file requester from the
		library's user interface routines.  Version 1.15, binary
		only.  Source available from author.
		Author:  Gauthier Groult

Life		Another version of Tomas's Life game.  Includes a torus
		option, an option to perform calculations with the processor
		rather than the blitter, and more.  This is version 5.0, an
		update to the version on disk 306, and is about 15% faster.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

SmartIcon	This shareware program, submitted by the author, is an
		Intuition objects iconifier.  Version 2.0 is still limited
		to iconifying windows, which is still very handy.  It adds
		a new "iconify gadget" to each window, that when clicked
		on, iconifies the window into an icon in the ram: disk.
		This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 214.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Gauthier Groult

Vectors		A simple program to test how fast the Amiga can draw lines.
		Includes two versions, 1.0 and 1.1, each of which performs
		tests slightly differently.  Includes source.
		Author:  Gauthier Groult and Jean Michel Forgeas

CONTENTS OF DISK 0317
---------------------

StillStore	A program designed for freelance, corporate, and broadcast
		television.  It loads and displays IFF images of any
		resolution interchangeably from a list file or as inputted
		directly (I.E. random access).  The user may easily skip
		forward or backward one or more pictures in the list.  A
		"generic" display is always just a few seconds away.  The
		program can be used "on air" with no concern that a pull
		down menu will suddenly appear in the viewable area.  It
		also provides for a precise cue for changing windows or
		screens.  While the main purpose is to load "news windows"
		of 1/4 screen size, StillStore can also handle full-sized
		and overscanned images.  Also includes slide show modes and
		a screen positioning feature.  Stillstore is written in the
		Director language from the Right Answers Group. Version 1.2,
		binary only, source available from authors.
		Author:  R. J. (Dick) Bourne and Richard Murray

Uniq		A text processor which compacts repeated adjacent lines.
		Intended to be used with a sorted file to print unique
		lines, or repeated lines.  Behaviour and options like UNIX
		version.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  John Woods, Amiga port by Gary Duncan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0318
---------------------

CNewsBin	This is part 1 of a C News distribution for the Amiga.
		This part includes all the binary and text files necessary
		to set up and run C News.  Part 2 is available on disk 319
		and contains the source.
		Author:  Various, Amiga port by Frank Edwards

Lhwarp		A program which will read tracks directly from your floppy
		disk, compress them using adaptive huffman encoding, and
		output them to a file.  The resulting file can be used by
		lhwarp to reconstruct an image of the original disk.  This
		is version 1.21, an update to version 1.20 on disk 305.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Forbes

PKAZip		The PKWare ZIP tool for the Amiga.  Provides functions
		to create, examine, extract, test, modify, display, and
		print files which are in the ZIP compressed format
		Uses a full Intuition interface with no CLI support.
		This is version 1.01, an update to version 1.00 on
		disk 311.  Binary only.
		Author:  PKWARE Inc, Amiga version by Dennis Hoffman

WaveMaker	WaveMaker is intended to give beginning music and physics
		students a "hands on" feel for how complex waves are made
		by adding a harmonic series of sine waves.  A fundamental
		and up to seven harmonics are available.  The resulting
		waveform can be displayed on the screen or played on the
		audio device using the keyboard like a piano.  A game mode
		is also provided.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Meyer

Xoper		Very comprehensive program to monitor and control system 
		activity.  Monitor cpu, memory usage, ports, interrupts,
		devices.  Close windows, screens, show loaded fonts or last
		Guru code number.  Clean up memory, flush unused libraries,
		devices, fonts. etc. and a whole bunch more!  Spawns its own
		process.  A very handy background task to have loaded. 
		This is version 2.2, an update to version 2.0 on disk 274.
		Changes include mostly bug fixes and some minor enhancements.
		Assembly source included.
		Author:  Werner Gunther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0319
---------------------

AHDM		Amiga Hard Disk Menu.  When placed in your startup sequence,
		AHDM offers a ten page menu, each page having up to ten
		possible actions.  By double clicking on an action, that
		action will execute any legal AmigaDOS command, program,
		or script file.  This allows you to interactively select
		which programs you wish to start or packages to install
		at boot time.  Version 1.1a, binary only, demo version
		that only supports 2 pages of actions.
		Author:  Scott Meek

CNewsSrc	This is part 2 of a C News distribution for the Amiga.
		This part includes all the source for C News and the UUPC
		package that it uses.  Part 1 is available on disk 318
		and includes all the binary and text files necessary to
		set up and run C News on the Amiga.
		Author:  Various, Amiga port by Frank Edwards

Mathtrans	A very small library which replaces the mathtrans.library
		distributed by Commodore-Amiga, for those who own an
		MC68881/82 floating point unit.  Calculation speed of
		some functions is increased up to 15 times.  Version 1.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Heiner Huckstadt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0320
---------------------

AmigaTrek	A continuation of Mike's Amiga Trek stories, which are
		parodies of the Star Trek series, with an Amiga flavor.
		Earlier stories are on disk 278.
		Author:  Mike Smithwick

AmiOmega	Amiga port of the Omega game.  Omega is similar to hack
		or rogue, but is much more complex.  There is a city,
		several towns, a wilderness, lots of dungeons, a multitude
		of monsters, lots of spells, magic items, etc.  There are
		several quests to complete.  All in all, it is an excellent
		game.  Requires 1Mb or more of memory.  Amiga version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Laurence Brothers, Amiga port by Rick Golembiewski

CONTENTS OF DISK 0321
---------------------

DezHexBin	An intuition based programmers tool to convert integers
		between decimal, hexadecimal, and binary.  Very small.
		Version 1.1, includes source in assembly code.
		Author:  Michael Djavidan

IconJ		IconJ significantly enhances the IconX program, and is
		100% compatible.  It allows scripts to be executed by
		double-clicking the script's icon.  Abilities include
		joining the script with the icon file itself, or calling
		it from any directory or disk, executing either AmigaDOS
		or ARexx scripts, outputing to any file or device, running
		interactive scripts and scripts that contain conditionals,
		and creating relative console windows.  Includes a utility
		called AtatJ which attaches or detaches a script to/from
		an icon file.  Version 1.0, includes source in JForth.
		Author:  Rich Franzen

Ifs		An Iterated Function System viewer which graphically
		displays iterated function systems and allows the user
		to interactively create the affine functions that define
		such systems.  An IFS can represent complex pictures very
		compactly.  Simple IFSs can describe an infinite number of
		different and interesting fractal displays.  Includes a
		number of displays that the author and others have
		discovered.  Version 1.5, includes source in C.
		Author:  Glen Fullmer

Planets		Some routines ported to the Amiga by Bob Leivian, that
		compute the location of the planets (as viewed from a
		specific point on the earth) and the phase of the moon,
		for an arbitrary date and time.  Includes source.
		Author:  Keith Brandt VIII, Jim Cobb, F. T. Mendenhall,
			 Alan Paeth, Petri Launiainen, Bob Leivian

Turtle		A shared library of "turtle" functions for drawing in a
		RastPort.  Includes source in assembly and C.
		Author:  Thomas Albers

UnixDirs	A program which intercepts calls to dos.library to add
		the UNIX style '.' and '..' syntax for current and parent
		directories, respectively, to file and path names.  I.E.,
		you can refer to files in the current directory as './foo'
		and files in the parent directory as '../foo', or any
		combination of the two.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Murray Bennett and Mark Cyster

Whereis		Another "find-that-file" utility.  Whereis searches on your
		(hard-)disk for a file(name) and displays the path to that
		file.  Some features are case independent search, wildcards,
		interactive mode (cd implemented), can display size and date
		of files, always abortable, can archive filenames for "ZOO"
		(like fnams/recurdir), and no recursive procedures. Includes
		source in C.  Version 1.18 (2-15-90).
		Author: Roland Bless

CONTENTS OF DISK 0322
---------------------

Gwin		This is version 1.0 of GWIN.  GWIN or Graphics WINdow is
		an integrated collection of graphics routines callable
		from C.  These routines make it easy to create sophisticated
		graphics programs in the C environment.  One-line calls give
		you a custom screen (ten types available), menu items,
		requestors, text, circles, polygons, etc.  GWIN is a
		two-dimensional floating point graphics system with
		conversion between world and screen coordinates.  GWIN
		includes built-in clipping that may be turned off for
		speed.  Use of color and XOR operations are greatly
		simplified.  Many examples of the use of GWIN are
		included in an examples directory.  Examples include
		line/bar graph program, geographic mapping program,
		SPICE 2G.6 graphics post-processor, and others.  Extensive
		documentation is included.
		Author:  Howard C. Anderson.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0323
---------------------

ColorTools	Three tools that manipulate the colors of your screen.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Dieter Bruns

CZEd		A complete midi package for use with all Casio CZ
		synthesizers.  Contains a full fledged sound editor, a
		split simulator for CZ-101/1000/230S, a bank loader and
		a memory dump for CZ-1.  This is a formerly commercial
		package now released as shareware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

LinkSound	Two examples of functions that you can link with your
		own code to produce a short musical "beep" or a sound
		that is similar to striking a drum.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dieter Bruns

Show		A very versatile program to display IFF ILBM files.
		Features realtime unpacking scroll, smart analysis of any
		IFF file, total control over display modes, simple
		slideshow processing, pattern matching, and a dozen other
		options.  Only 9K.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

CONTENTS OF DISK 0324
---------------------

ANSIEd		Demo version of an ANSI screen file editor.  It allows
		you to easily create and modify a screen of ANSI-style
		text/graphics on the Amiga.  The standard ANSI color set
		(red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan, white) and text
		styles (plain, boldface, underlined, italic) are provided,
		along with some simple editing and drawing functions.
		This demo version has the save features disabled. This is
		version 1.3.0, an update to version 1.2.0aD on disk 221.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Greg Epley

DiskFree	An small iconifiable intuition program that shows the
		amount of free space available on all mounted disk
		devices, both numerically and graphically.  Version 1.0,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dieter Kuntz

DPFFT		An enhanced version of DPlot from disk 290.  DPlot is
		a simple display program for experimental data, with the
		goals of supporting paging through lots of data and 
		providing comfortable scaling and presentation.  The
		enhancements for DPFFT include addition of a Fast Fourier
		Transform (FFT), display of a customized amplitude and
		phase spectrum, a prewhitening capability, and a Welch
		window for spectral smoothing.  This is version 2.1,
		binary only.
		Author:  A. A. Walma

Mailchk		A mail client for Dnet, which will inform you of any new
		mail and will give the choice of viewing, deleting, or
		printing a message.  Version 2.01, includes source.
		Author:  Stephane Laroche

Tetris		A PD clone of the popular Tetris type games.  Written
		completely in assembly code.  Very fast and responsive.
		Includes full source.
		Author:  Andy Hook

CONTENTS OF DISK 0325
---------------------

Batchman	A program that allows the user to execute CLI programs
		and batch files simply by clicking on a gadget.  It can
		be used as the center of a turnkey system, where the
		user simply clicks on gadgets to launch applications.
		Version 1.1, includes source in Modula-II.
		Author:  Michal Todorovic

DClock		A "Dumb Clock" utility that displays the date and time
		in the Workbench screen title bar.  Uses only about 2
		percent of the CPU time and about 10Kb of memory.  Also
		has an alarm clock feature and audible beep for programs
		that call DisplayBeep.  This is version 1.12, an update
		to version 1.5 on disk 298, with many enhancements and a
		few bug fixes.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

DoRevision	This program implements easy creation of source code
		revision headers (very similar to the log headers to
		be found at the top of the Amiga 'C' include files). 
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

FAM		A File Access Manager for the Amiga that allows multiple
		ARexx programs to access a buffered version of a directory
		in a consistent and serialized manner.  It buffers all the
		names, dates, sizes and so on, for quick access.  This is
		version 1.1 and includes source.
		Author:  Darren New

FarPrint	Debugging functions for programs which don't have any
		links to their environment.  FarPrint consists of two
		major parts; a harbour process open to receive and
		distribute messages and requests, and a set of C functions
		to be linked into any program wishing to communicate with
		the FarPrint main process.  This is version 1.5, an update
		to version 1.3 on disk 281, and adds a shared library as
		well as linker libraries for both Lattice and Aztec C.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

KeyMacro	A keyboard macro program, configurable via a text file,
		that also supports hotkey program execution.  You can map
		up to eight functions to each key, including keys such as
		cursor keys, the return key, etc.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

LifeCycles	Some sort of biorhythm type program.  No docs included.
		Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Michal Todorovic

MemGuard	MemGuard is a MemWatch-like program which has been
		rewritten in assembly language for maximum speed and
		efficiency. Unlike MemWatch MemGuard does not run as
		Task in a dummy loop but rather as a low-level interrupt
		routine which is capable of trapping memory thrashing even
		before exec might know of it and even while task switching
		is forbidden. In fact the low-memory area is checked each
		frame. Virtually no processing time is wasted, the
		interrupt routine does the check in about half a raster
		scan line's time.  This program was contributed by Ralf
		Thanner, who spent three weeks programming & debugging it.
		In this program Ralf uses some very delicate tricks to
		let his interrupt routine work with Intuition alerts.
		Version III, binary only.
		Author:  Ralf Thanner

RexxHostLib	This is a shared library package to simplify the ARexx
		host creation/management procedure.  Rexx-message parsing
		is also included making it possible to control ARexx from
		programs such as AmigaBASIC (can you imagine AmigaBASIC
		controlling AmigaTeX?).  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0326
---------------------

CBDump		This is a CLI utility for those who are working with the
		Amiga's clipboard device.  It's sole purpose in life is
		to dump the current contents of the clipboard to stdout
		or by redirection to a pipe or a file.  Useful for
		testing and interfacing with programs that do not support
		the clipboard.  Source included.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen.

DispMod		One of the series of ROBBS (Rexx Object Building Block
		System) modules by Larry Phillips.  DispMod is a display
		module that only understands ARexx messages.  It allows,
		under program control, the display of text and the
		acceptance of keyboard data.  Version 0.11, includes
		source.
		Author:  Larry Phillips

Itb		This program converts an icon to an IFF picture (brush)
		file.  It handles both single and alternate image (animated)
		icons.  This is version 1.10 which adds a colour palette to
		the previous version from disk 85.  Version 1.10, binary
		only.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen.

MicroTerm	A very small, very simple, almost brain-dead terminal
		program.  Primarily useful as an example of how to talk to
		the console and serial devices.  Version 0.1, includes
		source.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen.

NeuronalNets	Some programs for playing with Neuronal Nets using
		Hopfield and Hamming algorithms.  Binary only.
		Author:  Uwe Schaefer

PopScreen	A small hack to pop a hidden screen to the front from the
		CLI.  This was written to allow the author to use VLTjr
		with other programs that also use custom screens.  Source
		included.
		Author:  Stephen Vermeulen.

Snap		A tool for clipping text or graphics from the screen,
		using the clipboard device.  Snap finds out character
		coordinates automatically, handles different fonts, keymaps,
		accented characters, and more.  Version 1.4, an update
		to version 1.3 on disk 274.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mikael Karlsson

VSnap		This is an enhanced version of Snap 1.3, submitted by
		Steve Vermeulen, which adds the ability to save clipped
		graphics as IFF FORM ILBM's to the clipboard, so they can
		be imported to other programs that understand IFF and the
		clipboard.  I have dubbed it VSnap, since the official
		1.4 Snap is also included on this disk.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mikael Karlsson, enhancements by Steve Vermeulen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0327
---------------------

ARTM		ARTM (Amiga Real Time Monitor) displays and controls
		system activity such as tasks, windows, libraries, devices,
		resources, ports, residents, interrupts, vectors, memory,
                mounts, assigns, fonts and hardware.  Includes both a PAL
		and an NTSC version.  This is version 1.0, an update to
		version 0.9 on disk 277.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dietmar Jansen and F. J. Mertens

MM		An implementation of the game Mastermind.  In this game
		you must try to guess a color combination which the amiga
		sets via a random generator.  There are 6 colors which can
		be set in any combination.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dietmar Jansen

MRBackUp	A hard disk backup utility that does a file by file copy
		to standard AmigaDOS floppy disks.  Includes an intuition
		interface and file compression.  This is version 3.4, an
		update to version 3.3e on disk 279.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

Msh		An Amiga file system handler that handles MSDOS formatted
		diskettes.  You can use files on such disks in almost
		exactly the same way as you use files on native AmigaDOS
		disks.  This is a fully functional, read/write version,
		that supports 8, 9, or 10 sector disks of 80 tracks, and
		should also work on 40 track drives and hard disks with
		12 or 16 bit FAT of any dimension the FAT allows.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Seibert

Softfont	Converts portrait soft fonts for HP LaserJet compatible
		laser printers to landscape format.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Lynch

CONTENTS OF DISK 0328
---------------------

AnalytiCalc	A full featured system for numerical analysis and
		reporting.  Includes a spreadsheet, graphics programs,
		documents and facilities for performing many commonly
		needed functions.  Features include an 18000 by 18000
		cell spreadsheet using virtual memory, random access
		to other saved spreadsheet formulas or values, easy
		save or merge of partial sheets, up to 400 windows on
		screen, ability to drive any cell from external macros,
		built in matrix algebra, random number generation,
		date arithemetic, and much more.  This is version
		V24-01a, an update to version V23-2A on disk 176.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Glenn Everhart

Hames		Some miscellaneous programs from Chris Hames.  DirWork
		V1.01 is a fast, small, simple efficient DirUtility.
		FSDirs V1.3 is a floppy accelerator program.  VMK V27
		is a small virus detector/killer that knows about 27
		different viruses and can detect new ones.  NoInfo V1.0
		stops programs from producing ".info" files.  Binaries
		only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

RoadRoute	A trip planner that takes a list of cities and a list
		of known routes between cities, and generates the distance
		and time required to reach your destination.  This is an
		update to version 1.0 on disk 251, with an expanded
		datebase of cities and roads for New Mexico, Texas,
		Oklahoma, Kansas, Nebraska, South Dakota, Louisiana,
		Arkansas, Missouri, Colorado and Mississippi, added by
		Fred Mayes and Gary Delzer.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield, Fred Mayes, Gary Delzer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0329
---------------------

CPU		Two programs, one in C and one in assembler, which
		check for CPU type.  This version can detect 68000,
		68010, 68020, and 68881 processors.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ethan Dicks, based on WhatCPU by Dave Haynie

DiskSpeed	A disk speed testing program specifically designed to
		give the most accurate results of the true disk perform-
		ance of the disk under test.  Automatically updates and
		maintains an ASCII database of disk results for tested
		disks.  This is version 3.1, an update to version 2.0 on
		disk 288, with some source code cleanups and stress tests
		for CPU and DMA.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

Empire		This is a complete rewrite, from the ground up, in
		Draco, of Peter Langston's Empire game.  Empire is
		a multiplayer game of exploration, economics, war,
		etc, which can last a couple of months.  Can be
		played either on the local keyboard or remotely
		through a modem.  This is version 1.33w, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 118, and includes many changes
		and enhancements.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Gray, David Wright, Peter Langston

FileSystems	Displays AmigaDOS disk devices with information about
		the head geometry, BufMemType, and the lower level
		exec device.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ethan Dicks

OnePlane	Removes the highest number bitplane from the WorkBench
		screen.  Normally used to take Workbench screen from
		2 bitplanes to 1 bitplane.  This allows CON: style
		devices to scroll text faster.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ethan Dicks

CONTENTS OF DISK 0330
---------------------

Mostra		A very versatile program to display IFF ILBM files.
		Features realtime unpacking scroll, smart analysis of any
		IFF file, total control over display modes, simple
		slideshow processing, pattern matching, and a dozen other
		options.  Only 14K.  This is version 1.0, an upgrade to
		the Show program on disk 323, and adds SHAM, double
		buffering, faster decompression, color cycling, TeXdocs,
		startup files for easy customizing, and complete WorkBench
		support through ToolTypes and Style icons.  Binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

Palette		A tool which allows you to change another program's
		custom screen colors.  This is version 1.1, an update
		to the version on disk 55.  New features include checks
		for WorkBench startups, checks for HAM, Half Brite, or
		more than five bitplanes, and more graceful exits.
		Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Randy Jouett, CJ Fruge, Carolyn Scheppner,
			 Charlie Heath

Vt100		A vt100 emulator for the Amiga, which also supports
		various file transfer protocols like kermit, xmodem,
		ymodem, zmodem, etc, has an Arexx port, can use
		custom external protocol modules, and more.  This is
		version 2.9a, an update to version 2.9 on disk 275.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Wecker, Tony Sumrall, Frank Anthes,
			 and Chuck Forsberg

XprKermit	An Amiga shared library which provides Kermit file
		transfer capability to any XPR-compatible communications
		program.  Supports version 2.0 of the XPR Protocol
		specification.  Version 1.5, includes source.
		Author:  Marco Papa, Stephen Walton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0331
---------------------

CRobots		A game based on computer programming.  Unlike arcade type
		games which require human input controlling some object,
		all strategy in CRobots is condensed into a C language
		program that you design and write, to control a robot
		whose mission is to seek out, track, and destroy other
		robots, each running different programs.  All robots are
		equally equipped, and up to four may compete at once.
		This is version 2.2w, an update to version 2.1w on disk
		311.  Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Tom Poindexter, Amiga version by David Wright

Csh		Version 4.01a of a csh like shell derived from Matt
		Dillon's shell, version 2.07.  This is an update to
		version 4.00a on disk 309.  Changes include mostly bug
		fixes and corrections.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Steve Drew, Carlo Borreo, Cesare Dieni

Iff2Ex		A program to convert IFF pictures to an executable.  It
		can handle NTSC/PAL, interlace and overscan.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Pieter van Leuven

LhArcA		An intuitionized and faster version of lharc for the Amiga.
		Requires ARP library.  Version 0.99a, binary only.
		Author:  Haruyasu Yoshizaki, Amiga version by Stefan Boberg

LVR		Link Virus Remover.  A program that recursively searches
		directories for link viruses in executable files.  This
		is version 1.20, binary only.
		Author:  Pieter van Leuven

NTSC-PAL	Utilities which allow Amigas with the new ECS 1Mb Agnus
		to easily switch between PAL and NTSC display modes.
		Version 1.0, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PatchLoadSeg	This program patches the loadseg routine to automatically
		detect link viruses when a program is loaded.  Displays an
		alert when a virus is detected in a program being loaded
		for execution.  Version 1.20, includes source.
		Author:  Pieter van Leuven

VirusUtils	Two programs to detect viruses on disk and in memory.
		Virushunter removes all known viruses in memory.
		Viruskiller removes all known viruses in memory and after
		removing the viruses the disks can be checked without the
		virus copying itself to the disks.  Version 3.60, binary
		only.
		Author:  Pieter van Leuven 	

CONTENTS OF DISK 0332
---------------------

AniPtrs		Some cute animated pointers.  I have adopted one of them
		as my permanent replacement for the boring red arrow.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Bob McKain

DevPatch	A program that installs a patch for OpenWindow to check the
		NewWindow structure.  If the title matches a specific
		string, the height will be forced to 45 pixels.  This helps
		to reduce chip memory usage for programs that open overly
		large windows and then seldom use them.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein, Nico Francois, P. Marivoet

Helper		A little InputEvent hack, activated via the HELP key.
		Originally meant to provide a unique method of giving the
		user help (you don't have to put that help stuff into your
		own program).  Now also contains a color requester and a
		small notepad.  Version 1.01, includes source.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

K1_Editor	An editor for the Kawai K1(m) synthesizer with two
		auxiliary programs for managing sound dumps.  This is
		version 1.00, shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

Kryptor		A small, simple and comfortable file encoder/decoder.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

RevBut		Another InputEvent hack, giving you a toggling right mouse
		button.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0333
---------------------

MultiPlot	A package for making 2D plots conveniently.  Tim Mooney
		wrote the original program, which was then enhanced by
		Alan Baxter with a nicer user interface, support for
		the PLT: device, and support for file conversions.  Rich
		Champeaux and Jim Miller wrote the PLT: handler which
		emulates a plotter by accepting HP-GL commands, creating
		a raster image, then dumping it to any preferences supported
		graphics printer.  This is version XLNb, an update to
		version XLN on disk 292, and includes many bug fixes, style
		changes, and enhancements.  Includes source.
		Author:  Alan Baxter, Tim Mooney, Rich Campeaux, Jim Miller

CONTENTS OF DISK 0334
---------------------

FBM		An Amiga port of the Fuzzy PixMap image manipulation
		library.  This package allows manipulation and conversion
		of a variety of color and B&W image formats.  Supported
		formats include Sun rasterfiles, GIF, IFF, PCX, PBM
		bitmaps, "face" files, and FBM files.  Also has input
		converters for raw images, like DigiView files, and
		output converters for PostScript and Diablo graphics.
		Besides doing format conversion, some of the other image
		manipulation operations supported include rectangular
		extraction, density and contrast changes, rotation,
		quantization, halftone grayscaling, edge sharpening, 
		and histograms.  Version 0.9, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Mauldin; Amiga port by Kenn Barry

PPMore		A "more" replacement program that reads normal ascii text
		files as well as files crunched with PowerPacker.  The
		crunched files can result in consider disk space savings.
		Version 1.5, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PPShow		A "show" program for normal IFF ILBM files or ILBM files
		crunched with PowerPacker.  The decrunching is done auto-
		matically as the file is read.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

WhatIs		A neat little utility which not only recognizes a wide
		variety of file types (executables, IFF, icons, zoo files,
		etc), but prints interesting information about the structure
		or contents of the recognized file types.  Version 1.2a,
		binary only.
		Author:  J. Tyberghein

CONTENTS OF DISK 0335
---------------------

BoingDemo	Demo version of a neat game due for release in March 1990.
		It is fully functional but the play time is limited to
		five minutes per play.  Version 0.30, binary only.
		Author:  Kevin Kelm, Alternate Realities

DTC		A utility providing a simple calendar which can hold
		and show appointments.  It may be useful in managing
		your time.  Its chief goals were to provide day, week
		and month at a glance for any date between 1/1/0001
		and 12/31/9999, defaulting to the current date.  It
		is menu driven and fairly easy to use.  Includes source
		in Fortran.
		Author:  Mitch Wyle, Amiga port by Glenn Everhart

SeeHear		A program to do a spectrogram of a sampled sound file.
		This is a graph with time on one axis, frequency on the
		other and the sound intensity at each point determining
		the pixel color.  With source in C, including FFT routine.
		This is version 1.1.
		Author:  Daniel T. Johnson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0336
---------------------

Car		A two-dimensional full screen scrolling racing game with
		realistic four channel stereo sound and overscan, for
		either NTSC or PAL Amigas.  The goal is to guide your car
		around one of ten selected tracks.  Each track has its
		individual high score list.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

FileWindow	A completely public domain file requester which may be used
		in any program, even commercial ones.  It uses dynamically
		allocated memory to hold the file names so the only limitation
		is the amount of memory available.  Includes a filter option
		to limit display of filenames to only ones with a specific
		extension.  Names are automatically sorted while they are
		being read and displayed.  Version 1.10, includes source.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

MiniBlast	A shoot'em up game which runs just fine in a multitasking
		environment.  At last you can enjoy a satisfying megablast
		while you are writing a boring essay.  Shoot anything that
		moves, and if it doesn't move, shoot it anyway.  This is
		version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

Sys		A game built on the addictive game PONGO but with several
		added features.  You have been assigned the demanding task
		of cleaning viruses from your SYSOP's hard disk.  To kill
		a virus, you simply kick a disk at it.  There are fifty
		different levels, and on each level, the speed will increase
		and the viruses will be smarter and start to hunt you.
		Version 2.10, binary only.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0337
---------------------

CManual		A complete C manual for the Amiga which describes how
		to open and work with screens, windows, graphics, gadgets,
		requesters, alerts, menus, IDCMP, sprites, etc.  The
		manual consists of more than 200 pages in 11 chapters,
		together with more than 70 fully executable examples with
		source code.  When unpacked, the manual and examples
		nearly fill up three standard Amiga floppies.  This is
		version 1.00 and includes source for all examples.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0338
---------------------

Cpp		This is a copy of the Decus cpp, ported to the Amiga.
		This cpp is more powerful and complete than either of
		the built in cpp's in Manx or Lattice C.  This is an
		update to the version on disk 28.  It has had some
		ANSI features added.  Includes source.
		Author:  Martin Minow, Olaf Seibert

SASTools	Various submissions from "Sick Amiga Soft".  Includes
		some virus tools, some screen hacks, some small games,
		and miscellaneous utilities.  Includes source in assembly
		and Modula-II.
		Author:  Jorg Sixt

SID		A very comprehensive directory utility for the Amiga
		that supports at least a couple of dozen different commands
		for operating on files.  Version 1.06, binary only.
		Author:  Timm Martin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0339
---------------------

PCQ		A freely redistributable, self compiling, Pascal compiler
		for the Amiga.  The only major feature of Pascal that
		is not implemented is sets.  This is version 1.1c, an
		update to version 1.0 on disk 183.  It is much enhanced
		and about four times faster.  Includes the compiler source
		and example programs.
		Author:  Patrick Quaid

CONTENTS OF DISK 0340
---------------------

NorthC		A complete freely redistributable C environment for the
		Amiga based on the Sozobon Ltd C compiler, Charlie Gibb's
		assembler, the Software Distillery's linker, and portions
		from other sources.  Steve has pulled everything together
		and added some enhancements in the process.  Version 1.0,
		partial source only.
		Author:  Steve Hawtin, et. al.

Plplot		A library of C functions useful for scientific plotting
		on the Amiga.  The library is Lattice C compatible.
		Contour plotting, three dimensional plotting, axis
		redefinition, log-log plotting and multiple subpages are
		a few of Plplot's features.  The plots can be displayed
		on a monitor or sent to a graphics file for subsequent
		printing.  This is version 2.6, and update to version 
		1.00 on disk 222.  This version includes a greatly
		improved intuition interface, preferences support for
		hardcopy, several new device drivers, and the capability
		of adding additional device drivers easily. Includes
		source.
		Author:  Tony Richardson

SpeakerSim	Demo version of SpeakerSim 2.0, a loudspeaker CAD program.
		Simulates vented (Thiele-Small) and closed box systems.
		Also simulates 1st, 2nd, and 3rd order high and low pass
		filters.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dissidents

CONTENTS OF DISK 0341
---------------------

P2C		P2C is a tool for translating Pascal programs into C.
		It handles the following Pascal dialects: HP Pascal,
		Turbo/UCSD Pascal, DEC VAX Pascal, Oregon Software
		Pascal/2, Macintosh Programmer's Workshop Pascal,
		Sun/Berkeley Pascal.  Modula-2 syntax is also supported.
		Most reasonable Pascal programs are converted into fully
		functional C which will compile and run with no further
		modifications.  This is version 1.13 and includes source.
		Author:  Dave Gillespie, Amiga port by G. R. (Fred) Walter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0342
---------------------

IE		This is an icon editor which can create and modify icons
		up to 640x200 pixels in size (also dual render).  It can
		set stack size, position of icon (also free-floating),
		default tool, 10 tool types and control over opened
		window.  It can also generate the C source code behind the
		icon for program inclusion.  Version 1.0, binary only,
		source available from author.
		Author:  Peter Kiem

SKsh		A ksh-like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features
		include command substitution, shell functions with
		parameters, aliases, local variables, local functions,
		local aliases, powerful control structures and tests,
		emacs style line editing and history functions, I/O
		redirection, pipes, large variety of built-in commands,
		Unix style wildcards, Unix style filename conventions,
		filename completion, and coexistence with scripts from
		other shells.  Very well documented.  Version 1.4, an
		update to version 1.3 on disk 309.  New features include
		a "tiny" version, a working case construct, support for
		resident commands, smaller and faster external commands,
		and more.  Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

Softfont	Converts portrait soft fonts for HP LaserJet compatible
		laser printers to landscape format.  This is an update
		to the version included on disk 327.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Lynch

CONTENTS OF DISK 0343
---------------------

SnakePit	A simple, yet addictive game in which you must get the
		snake (you) off of the screen.  There are, however, some
		rough spots and some obstacles that may need to be
		overcome.  An excellent example of a game that is as
		system friendly as possible.  Includes source.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

SoftSpan	Soft Span BBS program.  Intuitive, command-line based
		menu system with message bases, up/down loads, file
		credit system, extensive help system, etc.  This is
		shareware version 1.0, binary only, lattice C source
		code available from the author.
		Author:  Mark Wolfskehl

StockBroker	A program that helps you follow the recent table of
		exchange from one (or more) share(s).  But of course
		you must tell the Amiga the recent table of exchange
		every day.  Requires AmigaBASIC.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Hanelt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0344
---------------------

Keyboard	Functions to translate RAWKEY Intuition messages into
		usable keycodes. Translation into Modula-2 of C source
		(by Fabbian G. Dufoe, III) on disk 291. Version 1.0.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Fabbian G. Dufoe III, Peter Graham Evans

RKMCompanion	A two disk set of material created by Commodore for use
		with the 1.3 revison of the Amiga ROM Kernel Reference
		Manual, Libraries and Devices, published by Addison-Wesley.
		Almost 300 files, including C source code examples and
		executables, have been packed into two lharc archives,
		one for each disk of the two disk set.  These examples
		are not public domain, but may be used and distributed
		under the conditions specified in the copyrights.
		Author:  Commodore Business Machines, Inc.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0345
---------------------

CRobots		A game based on computer programming.  Unlike arcade type
		games which require human input controlling some object,
		all strategy in CRobots is condensed into a C language
		program that you design and write, to control a robot
		whose mission is to seek out, track, and destroy other
		robots, each running different programs.  All robots are
		equally equipped, and up to four may compete at once.
		This is version 2.3w, an update to version 2.2w on disk
		331.  Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Tom Poindexter, Amiga version by David Wright

Du		Prints number of disc blocks used in selected files or
		directories.  Modified from original version on disk 48
		to make output more readable, and handle ^C exit.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Joe Mueller, enhancements by Gary Duncan

GetImage	An enhanced version of "gi" from disk 14.  It now looks
		for the GRAB marker, in the brush file, instead of assuming
		that it is at a specific place, sets up the PlanePick
		value in the Image structure, and deletes any unused
		bitplanes to save memory and disk space.  Includes source.
		Author: Mike Farren, enhancements by Chuck Brand

MemFrag		Displays number of memory chunks/sizes to show memory
		fragmentation.  Chunks are displayed as 2**N bytes which is
		a rough guide but still useful.  This is an enhanced version
		of "Frags" from disk 69.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Meyer, enhancements by Gary Duncan

Roses		A program that draws sine roses.  Implements an algorithm
		given in the article "A Rose is a Rose ..." by Peter M.
		Maurer in American Mathematical Monthly, Vol 94, No. 7,
		1987, p 631.  A sine rose is a graph of the polar equation
		"r = sin(n*d)" for various values of n and d.
		Author:  Carmen Artino

Unshar		This program extracts files from Unix shar archives.  It
		scores over similar programs by being small and fast,
		handling extraction of subdirectories, recognising a wide
		variety of `sed' and `cat' shar formats, and handling large
		files spread across several shar files.  This is version 1.3,
		an update to the version on disk 287.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

VcEd		A Voice (Tone) Editor for the Yamaha 4 Operator series
		synthesizers.  Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Chuck Brand

X2X		Cross converts between Motorola/Intel/Tektronix ASCII-hex
		files.  These files are typically used for down-line-loading
		into EPROMS, or for transmission where binary files cause
		chaos.  Handles S1, S2, S3, INTEL (inc USBA records),
		Tektronix (inc extended).  Source included.
		Author:  Gary Duncan.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0346
---------------------

Az		A nice little text editor that is fast, simple to use,
		and very Amiga'ized.  This is version 1.50, an update
		to version 1.40 on disk 228, with lots of new features,
		bug fixes, and other improvements.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jean-Michel Forgeas

CassEti		Cassette tape label printer.  Includes source in GFA
		Basic.
		Author:  Thorsten Ludwig

FME		Patch to AllocMem() to allow badly designed programs which
		request fast mem without necessity to be run on 512k
		machines.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Holger Lubitz

GoWB		Very small (296 bytes) and effective replacement for the
		well known "LoadWB" and "EndCLI" command pair.  This release
		fixes a severe bug in the first version which used to guru
		if run out of a script.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

PacketSupport	A link library, for use with Lattice C, providing a few
		functions to handle DOS packet postage.  Includes source.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

PatchNTSC	OS fix to allow the growing number of PAL display programs
		to be run on NTSC machines.  Will patch the Intuition
		OpenScreen() function to assure screens with PAL height to
		be opened in interlace mode.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

TextPaint	Second major release of the Ansi editor.  All major bugs
		have been fixed, and a bunch of new options have been added,
		e.g. possibility to reload ansi files or CLI modules, 4
		color option, optimized keyboard layout, new drawing modes,
		right mouse button support (like DeluxePaint) and much more.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

Timetest	Working example to show the time() and gmtime() functions of
		the Lattice C support library.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

WBD		Possibly the smallest utility to set the workbench screen
		to any depth.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0347
---------------------

Cursor          A 3-pass BASIC Compiler for BASIC programs written in
                AmigaBASIC, does not yet support all of the BASIC
		commands but is able to compile itself.  This is
		version 1.0, includes source.
                Author:  Jurgen Forster

Drip		Drip is an arcade style game with 15 floors (levels).
		You must move along the pipes of each floor and rust
		them to advance to the next level. Every 3 floors
		completed will entitle you to a bonus round where
		extra drips can be won.  An extra drip will also be
		awarded for every 10,000 points.  Binary only.
		Author:  Art Skiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0348
---------------------

All of this material was submitted to me on disk by one of the authors,
Jeff Glatt, of dissidents software.  **NOTE**  Before running the
programs here, you may need to install current versions of the required
libraries.  To do this, click on the icon in the InstallLibs drawer.

ColorReq	Describes the update to the color.library and has an example
		program, with source, that demonstrates its use.
		Author:  Dissidents Software

DisEditor	This is a demo of the dissidents shareware text editor.
		Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Dissidents Software

DisSecretary	This program can be used to file information in a
		"file cabinet" type environment.  It is well suited for
		jobs such as maintaining a disk catalog, or user group
		membership, etc.  Included is a data file of the library
		catalog, disks 1 to 310.  Version "Wanda", binary only.
		Author:  Dissidents Software

FileIO		Contains updated files for version 1.6 of the dissidents
		requester library.  There is a bug fix to the library as
		well as a new function.  See disk 257 for the complete
		documentation, and examples.
		Author:  Dissidents Software

ILBMLib		Contains updated files for the dissidents ilbm.library
		on disk 237, with new lib features and a new library.
		Also included is a much improved (better organized) doc
		file, and new C examples that show how to use the library
		for any kind of IFF file.  See disk 237 for other examples.
		Author:  Dissidents Software

InstallLibs	A program to copy files to the LIBS: dir of a boot disk.
		Can be used to create a handy installation program (hard
		disks especially) for programs that need disk-based
		libraries.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dissidents Software

SAMP		An IFF sampled sound format designed for professional
		music use.  It can be used for 16-bit samples, multiple
		waveforms, etc.  Includes a SAMP reader/writer shared
		library, interface routines, and programming examples.
		Also includes a program to convert 8SVX to SAMP.
		Author:  Dissidents Software

CONTENTS OF DISK 0349
---------------------

MED		A music editor much like SoundTracker.  A song consists
		of up to 50 blocks of music, which can be played in any
		order.  Editing features include cut/paste/copy tracks
		or blocks, changing the vibrato, tempo, crescendo, and
		note volume.  Other features include switching of the
		low-pass-filter on or off on a per song basis, and a cute
		little animated pointer of a guy doing "jumping jacks" in
		time to the music!  This is version 2.00, an update to
		version 1.12 on disk 255.  Now includes full source.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0350
---------------------

Icons		A large variety of icons for many uses, of practically
		every description.  Most are animated.
		Author:  Bradley W. Schenck

MemMometer	A program that opens a narrow window and graphically
		displays your memory usage like a gauge.  Based on
		WFrags, by Tomas Rokicki.  Version 2.10, includes source.
		Author:  Howard Hull

Stitchery	This shareware program loads in IFF images and creates
		charted patterns from them for use in counted cross-stitch
		and other forms of needlework.  It requires one megabyte of
		memory to run, and works best with a good high-resolution
		printer for printing the patterns.  The Stitchery was
		written with The Director and the Projector is included.
		Version 1.21.
		Author:  Bradley W. Schenck

TrackUtils	Two utilities that deal with disk tracks.  TCopy copies one
		or more tracks from one disk to another, and is useful for
		copying part of a floppy disk into RAD: during bootup.
		TFile creates a dummy file which "marks" a specified range
		of tracks, preventing AmigaDOS from using them and allowing
		them to be used for raw trackdisk data.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

CONTENTS OF DISK 0351
---------------------

PDC		Publicly Distributable C (PDC) is a complete C compilation
		system including a compiler, assembler, linker, librarian,
		and numerous utilities, documentation files, libraries, and
		header files.  PDC supports many ANSI features including
		all ANSI preprocessor directives, function prototyping,
		structure passing and assignment.  In addition it supports
		Lattice C compatible libcall pragmas, precompiled header
		files, builtin functions, and stack checking code. This is
		version 3.33 and includes full source.
		Author: Lionel Hummel, Paul Petersen, et al.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0352
---------------------

MG		Beta version of mg3, including ARexx support. This is
		probably the most stable beta for the next year, as many
		new features are going in after this. Amiga-only release.
		Sources compressed with lharc to fit on the disk. Update
		to mg2b on disk 147.
		Author:  Mike Meyer, et al.

PrintHandler	A custom PRT: driver which offers easy single sheet
		support as well as limited data spooling.  Version 1.6,
		an almost entirely rewritten update to version 1.1 on
		disk 282.  Includes source in 'C'.
		Author:	Olaf Barthel

TreeWalk	File tree walking subroutine designed to be fast, robust,
		and not use a lot of any critical resource. Includes both
		a CLI interface to that routine the form of a find-like
		utility that uses C expressions instead of Unix-like flags,
		and a program to tell you if directory trees will fit
		on a given disk, or how many extra blocks you'll need if
		they won't. Includes source. Update to version on disk 289.
		Author:  Mike Meyer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0353
---------------------

AztecArp	An Arp package fixed to work with the 5.0 release of
		the Aztec 'C' compiler.  The original Manx support
		files were incomplete, contained bugs preventing them
		from working properly and had the wrong linker format.
		Includes source.
		Author:	Olaf Barthel

CompDisk	A disk compression/disk compression package which was
		written to be fast and easy to use.  Includes an Arp
		and an Intuition interface.  Includes source in 'C'.
		Author:	Olaf Barthel

NorthC		A complete freely redistributable C environment for the
		Amiga based on the Sozobon Ltd C compiler, Charlie Gibb's
		assembler, the Software Distillery's linker, and portions
		from other sources.  Steve has pulled everything together
		and added some enhancements in the process.  This is
		version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 340.
		Partial source only.
		Author:  Steve Hawtin, et. al.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0354
---------------------

FastBlit	A small tool to speed up blitter operations by up to
		60%.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:	Ralf Thanner

KeyMacro	A keyboard macro program, configurable via a text file,
		that also supports hotkey program execution. You can
		map up to eight functions to each key, including keys
		such as cursor keys, the return key, etc.  Version 1.4,
		an update to version 1.0 on disk 325, which fixes the
		bugs in version 1.0.  Includes source in 'C'.
		Author:	Olaf Barthel

MandelMountains
		A program that renders three-dimensional images of
		blowups of the Mandelbrot set.  Includes several example
		images.  This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.1
		on disk 295.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mathias Ortmann

MemGuard	MemGuard is a MemWatch like program which has been
		rewritten in assembly language for maximum speed and
		efficiency.  Unlike MemWatch, MemGuard does not run as
		task in a dummy loop but rather as a low-level interrupt
		routine which is capable of trapping memory trashing
		even before exec might know of it and even while task
		switching is forbidden.  Version IIIa, an update to
		version III on disk 325, binary only.
		Author:	Ralf Thanner

MXMLib		An example Amiga shared library compiled with Aztec
		'C' 5.0.  This library contains basic support functions
		employed by programs such as KeyMacro or PrintHandler.
		In short: mxm.library is the standard MXM system support
		library.  Version 34.14, includes source.
		Author:	Olaf Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0355
---------------------

Berserker	A viruskiller which checks for certain conditions
		indicating possible virus infection.  Different from
		other programs of this kind, Berserker does not rely
		on checksums only, it will also check the possible
		virus behind the altered checksum.  Therefore even new
		viruses with old infection methods can be traced and
		resident tools are not touched.  Includes source in
		assembly language.
		Author:  Ralf Thanner

ImageEditor	A simple to use graphics editor which allows you to draw
		and save images/sprites as assembler or C source code.
		Includes IFF support, undo, and an iconify function.
		Another feature is the small memory usage so you can use
		multitasking even on a 512K machine.  Maximum picture size
		is 166*58 pixels.  This is version 2.4 and includes source.
		Author:  Robert Junghans

LoadImage	An IFF ILBM reader that accepts overscanned pictures,
		allows you to scroll around in the bitmap if the
		picture is larger than the current display, works on
		both PAL and NTSC machines, supports color cycling
		using interrupt code, and supports printing of image
		portions.  Version 1.11, update to version 1.9 on disk
		281, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

RexxHostLib	This is a shared library package to simplify the ARexx
		host creation/management procedure.  Rexx-message
		parsing is also included making it possible to control
		ARexx from programs such as AmigaBASIC (can you
		imagine AmigaBASIC controlling AmigaTeX?).  This is
		version 34.12 which has been recompiled and made a lot
		shorter using Aztec 'C' 5.0, an update to version 1.6
		on disk 325.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

SoundEditor	An 8SVX stereo sound file editor written in assembly
		language for speed and minimum size.  Version V.8,
		binary only.
		Author:  Howard Dortch, Mike Coriell, Matt Gerald

TrackSalve	A Trackdisk patch which removes all known bugs, and one
		unknown so far, and patches the Trackdisk task to allow
		various enhancements, such as reading good sectors from
		partially bad tracks, write verification, write protect
		simulation, auto motor off, auto update and turning off
		clicking.  Other features are MFM-upate and I/O by non-
		chip buffers. This is version 1.3, an update of version
		1.0 on disk 312.  Includes source in C and assembler.
		Author: Dirk Reisig

Tron		Another game about the lightcycle race sequence in the 
		science fiction computer film "Tron".  One or two players
		and other options.  Written in GFA-BASIC and then com-
		piled.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Hasse

CONTENTS OF DISK 0356
---------------------

AlgoRhythms	An algorithmic composition program that improvises music
		over a MIDI interface connected to the serial port.  A
		MIDI interface and synthesizer are needed.  The music 
		does not have a strong pulse, and does not repeat motifs 
		or melodies, but can be very pretty.  Version 1.0 with
		source in C, and sample data files.
		Author:  Thomas E. Janzen

NComm		A communications program based on Comm version 1.34, by
		DJ James, with lots of very nice enhancements.  Also 
		includes several auxiliary programs such as AddCall,
		CallInfo, GenList, PbConvert, and ReadMail.  This is
		version 1.9, an update to version 1.8 on disk 230.
		Binary only.
		Author:  DJ James, Daniel Bloch, Torkel Lodberg, et al.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0357
---------------------

Empire		Empire is a multiplayer game of exploration, economics,
		war, etc, which can last a couple of months.  Can be
		played either on the local keyboard or remotely through
		a modem.  This is version 2.1w, an update to version
		1.33w on disk 329.  Changes include a client-server
		system, a chat/CB mode, realtime private player to
		player messages, and other enhancements.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Gray, David Wright, Peter Langston

CONTENTS OF DISK 0358
---------------------

Blob		Another screen hack.  Makes red drops of slime flow down
		your screen.  Version 1.1, includes source in C.
		Author:  Guido Wegener

OPS5c		OPS5c is a compiler for the expert system language OPS5.
		The compiler takes OPS5 source code as input and creates a C
		source code file to be compiled to create an executable.
		Arbitrary C code may be linked with the executable and
		executed as a result of firing rules.  The system's strong
		point is its speed and as a result it sometimes has large
		executables and large memory requirements.  At least 1 Meg.
		of memory is suggested.  Binaries only for compiler and
		run-time library.  Version 1.08a.  Requires a C compiler.
		Authors: Bernie J. Lofaso, Jr, Dan Miranker and Arun Chandra.

Pipeline        A game like the commercial game 'Pipe dream' (Pipe mania).
                Needs a joystick and PAL display.  High scores are saved
		to disk.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Andre Wichmann.

ReDate		Scans a disk and dates each directory according to the most
		recent item contained within (not including .info files).
		Ideal for use after a COPY ALL CLONE, where the directories
		are CREATED rather than copied and thus lose their date
		information.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

RoadRoute	Revision of trip planner program to find "best road route"
		between any two points of travel.  The user is encouraged
		to customize files CITIES and ROADS to suit travel interests.
		This is version 1.5, an update to the original version on
		disk 251, and makes provision for very large city menus and
		itineraries.  You might like to use files from disk 328
		(Mayes/Delzer).  Also includes RoadScan, a checker for
		RoadRoute files (CITIES and ROADS).  Very large files may
		contain goofs (cities with no roads, the same road entered
		twice, etc.), or oddities (direct road not as fast as multi-
		point).  These are pointed out, together with areas where
		users might wish to make economies in the data base.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

ScanIFF		Scans through an IFF file, identifying the elements.
		Faster than standard utility IFFCheck since it uses Seek,
		but does not do IFFCheck's detailed format checking.
		Intended for use as a "template" from which programmers
		can code their specific application.  For example, an
		expanded version has been used to extract instrument data
		from music files.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

ViewDir		A LIST type of utility showing contents of a disk or
		directory.  For directories, shows SIZE.  For files, takes
		a quick look and identifies TYPE if possible.  Update to
		original version on disk 251.  Now works with SPAT for
		pattern matching, and has a small style change.  Includes
		source in assembler.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

CONTENTS OF DISK 0359
---------------------

ABridge		An interim solution to Anim-5 incompatability problems.
		Identifies the origin of an Anim-5 file and modifies it to
		facilitate easy exchange between AniMagic, Videoscape,
		Animation Station, DPaint III, Animation: Editor(v1.11),
		The Director, SA4D, Movie2.0, Photon Paint 2.0 and Cel
		Animator.  Fully intuitionalized interface, full ARexx
		support including a "Find ARexx" option if you start ARexx
		after running ABridge.  This is version 1.0, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author: Ron Tarrant, Mythra-mations Animation and Software

DICE		Dillon's Integrated C Enviroment.  A C frontend, pre-
		processor, C compiler, assembler, linker, and support
		libraries.  Also includes the editor, dme.  Features
		include ANSI compatibility, many code optimizations,
		and autoinit routines (user routines called during
		startup before main is called).  This is version 2.02,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthew Dillon

TextPlus	A word processor for the Amiga, with both German and
		English versions.  TextPlus enables you to write letters,
		books, programs etc. in a very easy and comfortable way.
		Version 2.0, binary only.
                Author:  Martin Steppler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0360
---------------------

UUCP		An implementation of uucp for the Amiga, including mail
		and news.  This is Matt's version for the Amiga, based
		on William Loftus's Amiga UUCP 0.40 release with news
		code from his 0.60 release, and months of work by Matt to
		make fixes and add enhancements.  This is version 1.06D,
		an update to version 1.03D on disk 313.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, major enhancements by Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0361
---------------------

Brush_4D	Converts IFF images into Sculpt 4D object format.  Works 
		with any IFF image, including HAM & Extra Halfbrite.
		Convert brushes in full color, with optional wrap, to 3D 
		shapes.  Also includes optimization routine.
		Version 1.00, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Bruce Thomson

FileMaster	A file editor like NewZap or FedUp, which allows you to
		manipulate bytes of a file.  You may also change the file
		size or execute a patch.  Version 1.20, update to version 
		on disk number 298, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

TextPaint	Version 0.97 of the Ansi editor.  Several significant 
		enhancements and bug fixes since the release of version 
		0.90 on disk number 346.  Binary only.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

Turn		An interesting board game with the simplicity of checkers
		yet requiring the "move-lookahead" of a good chess player.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Handel

XColor-Lib	Link library with a full-fledged color requestor along with
		several color functions like copy, spread, exchange, antique
		black & white, etc. to aid in creating your own custom 
		color requestors.  Contains several demos along with include
		files for C, AmigaBasic, DevPac Assember and KickPascal. 
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0362
---------------------

ArchEdge	Intuition interface for several of the more popular
		archiving utilities such as ARC, ZOO, LHARC and PAK.
		Includes an "Auto-Pad" function that will automatically
		add some morsels for the modem.  Version 1.5, includes
		assembly source.
		Author:  Robert Lang

Fenster		A program which can operate on windows owned by another
		program, to close them, change their size, refresh gadgets,
		move the window to the background, etc.  This is version
		2.2, an update to version 2.1 on disk 305.  Includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

Imperium_Romanum
		Strategic, "RISK" style game for up to four players.
		Based in the ancient times of Rome, Athens, Alexandria
		and Carthago.  Binary only, shareware ($10), with C source
		available from the author.  Version 1.50E.
		Author:  Roland Richter

KeyMenu		Allows fast, easy access to pull-down menus from the keyboard
		without having to remember all the special amiga key sequences
		Version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  Rainer Salamon

MemRoutines	Some "plug-compatible" replacements for the Lattice C 
		functions memcpy(), memcmp(), and memset().  Unlike the
		Lattice functions that deal with data one-byte at a time,
		these versions deal with longword chunks, which can improve 
		performance of Amigas equipped with a 68020 or 68030.
		Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Robert Broughton

PUZZ		Very nice implementation of the sliding-block-puzzle concept.
		Good graphics and the ability to create your own puzzles
		using an IFF ILBM file and a text file.  Includes source and 
		several sample puzzles.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  Martin Round

Rubik		Another 3D Rubik's cube solver independantly authored from 
		the version on disk #285.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Martin Round

sMOVIE		A smooth scrolling text displayer, useful for creating 
		video titles, slide show intros, etc.  Includes source.
		Author:  Martin Round

CONTENTS OF DISK 0363
---------------------

BootBase	Another bootblock save/restore utility.  Includes
		an auto-compare function.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steven Lagerweij

LabelPrint3.5	A program that allows you to easily print labels for
		your disks.  This is version 3.5, an update to version
		3.0 from disk 277.  Shareware, binary only (source
		available from author).
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

MigaMind	A small WorkBench "Master-Mind" type game.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

PLW		Phone-Line-Watcher.  For users of Hayes compatible modems.
		Monitors the serial port and records all incoming calls. 
		Current version only allows remote user to receive a 
		predetermined message, login, and leave a reply.  Possible
		updates will allow them access to AmigaDos.  Version 1.1,
		binary only.
		Author:  Christian Fries

RandSam		Plays random soundsamples at random times, with random 
		volume, random cycles, and a bit random period.  It will
		definitely catch the attention of the unsuspecting Amiga 
		user (particularly one that has the stereo turned up!) when
		a lion suddenly roars as they're typing away on their 
		favorite word processor!  User modifiable start-up 
		configuration file.  Include source and some sample sounds.
		Author:  Steven Lagerweij

SampleScanner	By-passes the Amiga Dos file system and scans a disk directly,
		block by block, for sound samples.  Allows you to "hear" the 
		disk as it is being scanned.  If a sample is found, it can
		be saved to disk for editing, direct use, etc.
		Author:  Steven Lagerweij

WO		An intuition-based address book that allows saving of 
		data in normal or password-encoded form.  Version 1.0,
		includes partial source, (password encoding routines not
		included).
		Author:  Heinzelmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0364
---------------------

Aniptrs2	Some more animated pointers to choose from to "liven"
		up your display environment.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bob McKain, pointer animation program by Tim Kemp

DPFFT		Update to version on disk number 324.  DPFFT includes
		the ability to plot a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) of the
		data, customized amplitude and phase spectrum, prewhitening
		capability, and a Welch	window for spectral smoothing.
		Version 2.2, binary only.
		Author:  A. A. Walma

Iconaholism	A selection of some very nice looking icons designed for 
		an 8-color WorkBench.  Includes script files to view the 
		icons in their intended colors.
		Author:  R.G.Tambash

MemLook		Similar to "MemFlick" on disk #206.  For lack of a better
		explanation, it gives sort of a graphical view of your 
		machine's entire memory area.  Features memory guage and
		controllable scrolling speed via the cursor keys.
		Version 1.1B, binary only, source available from author
		Author:  Thomas Jansen

SNAG_Pointers	Results of the Southern Nevada Amiga Groups (SNAG)
		first animated pointer contest.	
		Authors:  Various, pointer animation program by Tim Kemp

CONTENTS OF DISK 0365
---------------------

Badger		Reminder program for your startup-sequence.  Badger will
		open a window and display any important events that are 
		'due'.  Badger will not bother you if there is nothing to
		report.  Events are entered via menu and prompts.  Binary
		only, shareware.
		Author:  George Kerber

DmeAsm		A utility for those who use Matt Dillon's Dme editor and 
		HighSoft's DevPac Assembler.  DmeAsm is a CLI command file
		that takes your source code as a parameter and opens a window 
		similar to the Assemble window inside Devpac (Genam2) and 
		gives similar options.  If no parameter is supplied then the
		window will still open and you can supply your own.  Version
		1.1, includes source in assembly
		Author:  Nic Wilson & W Weber

EasyBackup	A CLI-based hard-disk backup/restore utility.  Features
		incremental backups by archive bit status, by datestamp,
		or command-line query.  Incremental backups can be appended
		to an existing backup set.  Includes source.
		Author:  Oliver Enseling

EasyMouse	Another threshhold-mouse-accelerating, screen-to-back,
		window to-front, mouse-blanking, screen-blanking, auto-
		window activating, low-memory-warning, auto-window sizing,
		configuration-saveable clock!  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Oliver Enseling

TrackDos 	A program that allows easy transfer of data between DOS,
		memory and trackdisk.device.  DOS means the data contained
		within a file, memory means the data contained anywhere
		within the memory map and trackdisk.device means data
		stored on a disk not accessable with DOS (eg. bootblocks
		special loader disks etc.).  The transfer of data between
		these three areas is not normally easy or convenient.
		TrackDos was written to overcome this.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

Password	A program which enhances your computers security by making
		it complicated enough that users without your password
		will get discouraged trying to boot and use your system.
		This should keep out most casual or nontechnical users.
		Update to version on disk #243.  Version 1.42p, binary only.
		Author:  George Kerber

Udate		Udate is a replacement for the AmigaDOS date command,
		containing many options similiar to the UNIX date command.
		Udate will allow you to set the date and time via prompts
		or directly from the command line, will display any part
		of the date or time using the options in any color desired,
		and will also make an automatic adjustment of your system
		clock for Daylight Savings Time so your computer will be
		one less clock you will ever have to set twice a year for
		DST.  Update to version on disk #311, this version is 
		slightly smaller and works correctly with the 68030.
		Version 1.14c, binary only.
		Author:  George Kerber

View80		Very impressive scrolling text file reader.  Three scrolling
		modes and controllable via keyboard or mouse.  Opens file
		requestor if no filename is given.  Automatically configures
		screen size for PAL or NTSC machine.  Sample operation in 
		reading the document files.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Federico Giannici

CONTENTS OF DISK 0366
---------------------

3DTicTacToe	A three-dimensional "four-in-a-row" version of TicTacToe,
		human against computer.  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Ron Charlton

DosError	A small CLI utility that will return a slightly more verbose
		description of a DOS error code than that returned by the 
		System.  Can save a trip to the manual for vague or unfamiliar
		error codes.  Version 2.0, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Robert Lang

IntuiFace	An intuition interface that handles the important functions 
		of creating, inserting, extracting and listing files for
		three popular archiving utilities:  ARC, ZOO and LHARC.
		Version 1.00, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Matthias Zepf

LoanCalc	Entirely keyboard driven mortgage utility.  Although similiar
		programs exist, this one is unique in that it is designed
		to track 'Open' mortgages that allow any size payment to be 
		made at any time as well as providing an amortization table
		for fixed mortgages with monthly, semi-monthly, bi-weekly and
		weekly payment schedules.  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

Makewords	"PhoneWord" takes a full or partial telephone number and 
		attempts to create a word from the various "alphabedigit"
		combinations.  "Unjumble" may useful in solving the Sunday
		morning newspaper "Scramble".  Includes source.
		Author:  Ron Charlton

MeMeter		A small utility for monitoring the Amiga's memory usage.
		Unique snapshot facility allows you to store the current
		numbers, launch a program, see how much memory it 
		requires, end the program, and see if it returns all the 
		memory.  Version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Gaylan Wallis 
		
NDebt		Amusing, but saddening, this program opens a small window
		that displays a continuously updated tally of America's 
		national debt, based on its historically phenomenal growth
		rate.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Ron Charlton 

PrintStudio	Very nice intuition-based general purpose print utility that
		prints text with a variety of options.  Prints several graphic
		formats with yet more options.  Print any part of a picture,
		print screens and windows, save screens and windows as IFF 
		files, modify color palettes, change printing parameters and 
		lots more!  Version 1.2, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

CONTENTS OF DISK 0367
---------------------

Enigmas		Nifty graphic simulation of the World War II German
		Enigma-Machine, a message encoding/decoding device 
		that produced extremely difficult to crack cryptographic
		code.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gaylan Wallis

GwPrint		An intuition-based text file print utility.  Offers a wide
		selection of adjustable features for controlling pagination,
		headers, trailers, margins, date and page-numbering and 
		various print styles/sizes.  Version 2.0, binary only, 
		shareware.
		Author:  Gaylan Wallis

HyperDialer	Database for names and addresses, full intuition interface.
		Dynamically allocated, with configurable script startup file.
		Iconifies to titlebar icon.  Search, sort, insert, delete,
		full file requesters.  Uses modem to control dialing of 
		multiple phone numbers.  Binary only, shareware, with source
		available from author.
		Author:  David Plummer

SCM 		Screen Color Modifier.  A palette program that allows the 
		changing/saving/loading of a screen's colors.  Includes a 
		separate loader program that can be used in batch files to 
		set a screen's colors to predefined values after a program
		has been launched.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jean-Marc Nogier

SuperView 	A shareware file-viewer that displays all types of IFF files
		with many features like: Workbench support, all display modes,
		auto overscan, color cycle (CRNG, CCRT), AmigaBasic ACBM 
		files, first cell in and ANIM file, Type 5 animations and 
		more.  Written in assembly, pure code for residency under
		1.3.  Version 3.0, binary only.
		Author:  David Grothe

Tricky		Another of Peter's innovative and addictive games.  Sort of 
		a "video-bowling" concept where the object is to wipe out 
		groups of "computerized" symbols in such a fashion that the 
		last item hit becomes the target for the next ball (with 
		a few tricks of course!).  Lots of levels and the usual 
		level editor that accompanies most of Peter's games.
  		Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Handel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0368
---------------------

Elements	Very nice interactive display of the the Periodic Table 
		of Elements.  This is version 2.0, an update to version 
		1.3a on disk 297.  This version adds general row and column
		information, plus a test mode where the program asks specific
		questions about the selected element or row/column.  Binary
		only, shareware.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

GraphicsPak	A set of functions for general graphics operations such as
		boxes/lines, blitting, and opening/closing the libraries.
		It is used by both of the PopMenu and ListWindow test 
		programs.  Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

Lila		A shareware utility that allows you to print listings or
		other text files on Postscript printers, with header,
		page numbers, and multicolumn pages.  Can print in portrait
		or landscape orientation.  Version 8912a, binary only.
		Author:  Bertrand Gros

ListWindow	Gives simple initialization, handling, and freeing of 
		Macintosh-like "list-windows." These are user-sizeable 
		windows with a scrollable list of text strings, optionally
		sortable.  The list can be scrolled with a scroll-bar, up 
		and down arrows, arrow keys, or a SHIFT+key combination 
		which searches for the first occurance of the specified 
		key.  Source and a sample program included.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

NewEx		An assembly program to replace xicon, IconX and similar
		utilities.  Unique in the fact that it uses a WorkBench 
		"Tool" icon instead of a "Project" icon.  This allows 
		workbench startup of programs that could ordinarily only
		be started by the CLI.  Version 1.1, includes assembly
		source.
		Author:  Kjell Cederfeldt

PopMenu		A set of functions for the setting up, drawing, and 
		handling of pop-up menus that are affixed to windows. 
		Clicking on the menu box area will open up the full menu,
		with the list of menu items inside.  Source and a sample
		program included.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

SuperMenu	An information display system you can use to quickly and
		easily display text files (and sections of text files) with
		the press of a button.  Version 2.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed
		comparisons with other configurations, versions of the
		OS software, etc.  Version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

Today		Amiga implementation of IBM PL/1 history program.  Tells 
		you important events and birthdays on current or specified
		day.  Command line options include once-per-day setting for 
		startup sequences.  Version 0.91, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  David Plummer, data files originally from an IBM 
			 VM/CMS version by Mike Butler 

CONTENTS OF DISK 0369
---------------------

AQData		Information to aid users in updating B. Lennart Olsson's
		Aquarium Version 1.12 database.  Includes information on
		disks up to number 360.
		Author:  Howard Hull

Flip		Another program in the long tradition of screen hacks.
		Run it and see what happens.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Schildbach

Fortune		Randomly display a 'fortune' selected from a fortunes 
		file (supplied), by text or voice.  New version will work
		from the Workbench or CLI.  Version 2.04g, update to version
		on disk #311, source included.
		Author:  George Kerber

Spy		A program that tracks calls to AmigaDOS and Exec functions,
		reporting them to the screen, along with their calling
		parameters and the results.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Federico Giannici

VAXterm		A VT220 terminal emulator that is close to the real VT220 
		terminal in both supported facilities and user interface. 
		Designed primarily for connection to VAX/VMS, it should 
		work with any host computer with VT220 terminal support.
		Supports file transferring for ASCII files by means of DCL
		commands.  Version 2.4, includes source.
		Author:  Tuomo Mickelsson

XprTransmit	XprTransmit is an Cli-based command that allows you
		to easily access to any Xpr Library without having to
		worry about call-back-function et cetera. It is able
		to access every "serial.device"-like exec-device.
		Only little documentation.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author: Andreas Schildbach

CONTENTS OF DISK 0370
---------------------

SKsh		A ksh-like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features
		include command substitution, shell functions with
		parameters, aliases, local variables, local functions,
		local aliases, powerful control structures and tests,
		emacs style line editing and history functions, I/O
		redirection, pipes, large variety of built-in commands,
		Unix style wildcards, Unix style filename conventions,
		filename completion, and coexistence with scripts from
		other shells.  Very well documented.  Version 1.5, an
		update to version 1.4 on disk 342.  New features include
		user definable keymaps, an ARexx port, many new internal
		and external commands, selective disabling of wildcards,
		preparsing of script files, bug fixes, and more.
		Author:  Steve Koren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0371
---------------------

Fractals    	A Fractal generator that generates many different types of 
		fractals based on the iteration of complex-valued formulas.
		The program can generate the Mandelbrot and Julia sets, as
		well as the sets of more unusual formulas such as 
		lambda*COS(Z) and Newton-R.  Version 2.1, includes source 
		and some sample creations.
		Author:  Ronnie Johansson.

LockDevice	A package to protect filing devices from being accidentally
		formatted.  Can be used with any filing device and file 
		system.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

Port2		Sample C program showing how to control a mouse connected 
		to the second mouse/joystick port.  Executable creates a 
		second mouse pointer that is controlled by a mouse plugged
		into port 2.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

PPLib		A shared, runtime library to aid in the development of 
		programs that need to decrunch files crunched with Power-
		Packer.  Version 34.1 (release 1.1), binary only.
		Author:  Nico Franois

PPMore		A "more" replacement program that reads normal ascii text
		files as well as files crunched with PowerPacker.  The
		crunched files can result in considerable disk space
		savings.  Version 1.7, update to version on disk number
		334, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Franois

PPShow		A "show" program for normal IFF ILBM files or ILBM files
		crunched with PowerPacker.  The decrunching is done auto-
		matically as the file is read.  Version 1.2, update to 
		version on disk number 334, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Franois

PPType		A "print" program that will print normal ascii files or 
		files crunched with PowerPacker.  Several nice features
		such as page headers and numbers, adjustable tab sizes,
		page info taken from preferences and more.  Version 1.1,
		binary only.
		Author:  Nico Franois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0372
---------------------

Magnetic_Pages	A software package that allows you to create and display
		a disk-based magazine.  The magazine produced is of a
		similar format to that of a traditional paper magazine. 
		You can combine text and graphics on a single page, branch
		to different sections by clicking on icons and play sound
		and music.  Features a full intuition driven interface.
		Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mark Gladding.

PLW		Phone-Line-Watcher.  For users of Hayes compatible modems.
		Monitors the serial port and records all incoming calls. 
		Allows a remote user to login, receive and leave a message,
		and transfer files via Zmodem in either direction.  Two
		level DOS access, Disabled DOS-requestors and more.  Greatly
		enhanced version of initial release on disk 363.  Version 
		2.8, binary only.
		Author:  Christian Fries

RemapIcon	A utility to remap icons to be exchanged between Kickstart
		2.0 and Kickstart 1.2/1.3 Workbench environments.  The icon
		images are remapped to reflect the different colour palette
		used by the Workbench releases.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0373
---------------------

Multiplot	An intuitive data plotting program featuring flexible
		input options, arbitrary text addition, automatic scaling,
		zoom and slide with clipping at boundaries, a range of
		output file formats and publication quality printed
		output.  Workbench printers are supported via transparent
		use of the PLT: device.  This is version XLNc, an update
		to the version on disk 333.  Includes many new features,
		a nicer user interface, and low memory options allowing
		it to be used in half megabyte machines.  Includes source.
		Authors:  Alan Baxter, Tim Mooney, Rich Champeaux,
			  Jim Miller

CONTENTS OF DISK 0374
---------------------

IPDevice	Pipes for Power People.  A pipe-like DOS device that
		passes data immediately rather than waiting until a buffer
		is full.  It also allows multiple writers to a single
		channel, maintained connections, and piped connections
		to a Shell.  Binary only.  
		Author:  Pete Goodeve

Mat		A comprehensive String-Search/Pattern-Match Utility for
		both text files and directories.  A powerful command line
		syntax allows automatic file editing, construction of
		command scripts, and so on.  Example Shell scripts are
		included.  Binary only (a much enhanced version of the
		original on Disk #102).  
		Author:  Pete Goodeve.

PopArt		Intuition based image data generator and animator.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Phlip

SoftSpan	Soft Span BBS program.  Intuitive, command-line based
		menu system with message bases, uploads, downloads, file
		credit system, extensive help system, etc.  Version 1.1,
		an update to that on disk number 343, includes bug fixes
		and some enhancements.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mark Wolfskehl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0375
---------------------

BI		A brush to C code image converter.  This is version 1.3,
		an update to version 1.0 on disk number 184.  Contains
		bug fixes and support for AmigaBasic.  Binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

CardMaker	A programmer's aid for creating card image data that can
		be used in any card game that uses the standard 52 card
		deck.  This is version 2.1, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk number 184.  Contains bug fixes and support for
		AmigaBasic.  Binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

ParM		Parameterable Menu.  ParM allows you to build menus to 
		run programs in either the CLI or WorkBench environment.
		ParM can have it's own little window, or attach menus to 
		the CLI window you are running it from.  Version 1.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

TextPlus	A word processor for the Amiga, with both German and 
		English versions.  TextPlus enables you to write letters,
		books, programs etc. in a very easy and comfortable way.
		Version 2.2, an update to version 2.0 on disk number 359.
		Now includes full source.
		Author:  Martin Steppler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0376
---------------------

AztecArp	An Arp package fixed to work with the 5.0 release of
		the Aztec 'C' compiler.  The original Manx support
		files were incomplete, contained bugs, and had the 
		wrong linker format.  This is an update to the version
		on disk number 353, fixing a couple of bugs and adding 
		some new useful features.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

Matrix		Solves systems of linear equations.  Includes both PAL
		and NTSC versions.  Version 1.00, includes source. 
		Author:  Rudiger Dreier

Plotter		A two-dimensional mathematical function plotting program.
	     	Includes both PAL and NTSC versions.  Version 3.71, 
		includes source. 
		Author:  Rudiger Dreier

ToolLibrary	A shared library for the Amiga.  Contains some mathematical
		(evaluation of strings) and Intuition (menus, requester) 
		functions.  Version 2.06, includes source. 
		Author:  Rudiger Dreier.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0377
---------------------

AnsiRead2	Bridges the gap between IBM and Amiga ANSI by displaying
		IBM ANSI text and graphic animations (as usually captured
		from bulletin boards) in their full intended colors and 
		motion.  Includes several samples.  Version 0.2, binary 
		only, shareware. 
		Author:  Glenn Kauffman

Formatter	A disk formatting program with an intuition interface
		which supports write verification, disk installation,
		fast formatting and automatic start.  Formats a 3.5"
		disk in a multitasking environment in about 1:36
		minutes (with verify turned on).  Version 2.4a, includes 
		source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

Icon2C		A simple tool to turn any Workbench icon file into 'C'
		sourcecode, similar to the program of the same name by
		Carolyn Scheppner on disk number 56.  This version has an
		arp interface and offers support for Kickstart 2.0 icons.
		Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

IE		An icon editor which can create and modify icons up to 
		640x200 pixels in size (also dual render).  It can
		set stack size, position of icon (also free-floating),
		default tool, 10 tool types and control over opened
		window.  It can also generate the C source code behind the
		icon for program inclusion.  Now reads/writes IFF files
		and handles 4 or 8 colour icons.  Version 2.0, update to 
		version on disk number 342, source available from author.
		Author:  Peter Kiem

IntuitionEd	Intuition based utility that creates C source code for
		screen, window, border and text structures.  IntuitionEd 
		can also write the code for several functions required 
		for the opening and closing of these structures.  The 
		code can then be compiled by either Manx and Lattice.
		Shareware donation to the author will receive an enhanced
		version capable of writing gadget structures as well.
		Version 1.0, binary only, several samples included.
		Author:  Niels Thorwirth 

PowerLOGO	An experimental programming language based on Lisp and
		LOGO.  It is versatile, highly interactive, organizes 
		programs as collections of procedures, and includes lists 
		as first-class data objects.  Version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

CONTENTS OF DISK 0378
---------------------

Adapt		CLI utility that converts special German characters in
		files imported from MS-DOS systems into the right Amiga
		codes.  Can easily be changed to work with other languages.
		Version 2.2, includes source.
		Author:  Lars Eggert

ANSIMaster	ANSI editor that provides the full IBM font set and
		color capability.  Very useful for the design of custom
		ANSI screens/graphics for telecommunications.  Version
		1.0, binary only.
		Authors:  James Davis and Joe Rattz, Jr.

DevRen		A DEVice RENamer, originally designed to allow the
		renaming of an external drive on an A2000 (always
		recognized as DF2:) to be DF1:   However, works with
		any mounted device such as RAD: RAM: RAW: CON: etc,
		as long as the original and renamed version have the
		same character length.  Version 1.5, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Rosewig

JoyLib		Both a linktime version and a shared library of Joystick
		routines featuring a technique which proves to be extremely
		fast on 68010 or higher processors, and still faster than
		most of the other routines on standard processors.
		Includes source for library in Assembler and the
		demonstration program in C.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

MachIII		A "mouse accelerator" program that also includes hotkeys,
		the features of sun mouse, clicktofront, popcli, title bar
		clock with a bbs online charge accumulator, Arexx support
		and much more.  This is version 3.0, an update to version
		2.6 on disk 254.  Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Moats and Polyglot software

MuchMore	Another program like "more", "less", "pg", etc.  This one
		uses its own screen to show the text using a slow scroll.
		Includes built-in help, commands to search for text, and
		commands to print the text.  Works with PAL or NTSC, in
		normal or overscan modes.  Supports 4 color text in bold,
		italic, underlined, or inverse fonts.  Version 2.7, this
		is an update to version 2.5 from disk 253.  Includes source
		in Oberon and assembly code.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

MuchMorePoPa	Extended version of MuchMore V2.7.  Displays texts that have
		been packed with PowerPacker.  Version 2.7, includes source
		in Oberon and assembly code.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

Observer	Working example for a Lattice LSR-program.  Opens a small
		window and displays volume names of all inserted disks
		(DF0: through DF3:).  Includes source in Lattice C.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

TheGuru		A program to bring the Guru back into Kickstart 2.0, for
		those who will miss it, (well sorta anyway!).  Version
		1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Franois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0379
---------------------

Append		CLI utility that allows you to directly append one or
		more files to another without having to use the
		roundabout methods necessary with the AmigaDOS "join"
		command.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Oliver Enseling

FileEncrypt	Another intuition based file encryptor to enable you to
		scramble your highly secret, hard earned source code and
		prevent your co-workers from taking credit for it!
		Includes (unscrambled) source.
		Author:  Lorenz Wiest

LLSort		Replacement for the AmigaDOS SORT command.  Pure bit set
		and may be made resident.  Features COLSTART and FIELDS
		parameters and sorts in either ascending/descending
		order.  Also sorts with or without case sensitivity.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Les Leist

TheA64Package	A comprehensive emulator/utility package to assist
		Commodore 64 users in upgrading to the Amiga.  According
		to the author, this package compares to or surpasses the
		commercially available packages of the same nature.  Many
		of the utilities require a hardware interface that allow
		the Amiga to access C64 peripherals such as disk drives
		and printers.  The hardware interface is free with a
		shareware donation to the author.  Version 1.00, binary
		only.
		Author:  Cliff Dugan, QuesTronix

Xnum		A useful CLI conversion utility that takes a decimal,
		binary, octal or hex number as input and displays the
		number in all four formats.  Binary only.
		Author:  Oliver Enseling

Yawn! 		A small WorkBench sliding block puzzle to keep your
		mind and fingers busy while your compiler is busy
		crunching away on your highly secret, hard earned
		source code that you hopefully remembered to unscramble
		first!  Features selectable size from 4x4 to 7x7 and
		European, Hindi or Arabic numerals.  Includes source.
		Author:  Lorenz Wiest

CONTENTS OF DISK 0380
---------------------

Oberon		A freely distributable demo version of a powerful Oberon
		compiler.  Oberon is a modern, object oriented language
		developed by Prof. Dr. Niklaus Wirth of ETH Zrich in
		Switzerland as a successor to Modula-2.  This single pass
		compiler creates standard Amiga object files, uses a large
		variety of optimizations to create fast code, supports
		writing of reentrant programs, allows you to call code from
		other languages like C and Assembler, etc.  The package
		includes the compiler, an editor, a link utility, a program
		to display compilation errors and some demo programs.
		Version 1.16, binary only.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0381
---------------------

SKsh		A ksh-like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features
		include command substitution, shell functions with
		parameters, aliases, local variables, local functions,
		local aliases, powerful control structures and tests,
		emacs style line editing and history functions, I/O
		redirection, pipes, large variety of built-in commands,
		Unix style wildcards, Unix style filename conventions,
		filename completion, and coexistence with scripts from
		other shells.  Very well documented.  Version 1.6, an
		update to version 1.5 on disk 370.  Includes several
		important bug fixes and a few minor new features such
		as command line cut and paste.  Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0382
---------------------

CrossDOS	A "tryware" version of a mountable MS-DOS file system
		for the Amiga.  This is a software product that allows
		you to read and write MS-DOS/PC-DOS and Atari ST
		formatted disks (Version 2.0 or higher) directly from
		AmigaDOS.  This tryware version is a "readonly" version,
		which does not allow any writes to the disk.  A fully
		functional version is available for a very reasonable
		price from CONSULTRON.  This is version 4.00b, an update
		to version 3.05b on disk 252.  Binary only.
		Author:  CONSULTRON, Leonard Poma

Msh		An Amiga file system handler that handles MS-DOS formatted
		diskettes.  Version "1.30" (Release 1 patch 3).  You can
		use files on such disks in almost exactly the same way as
		you use files on native AmigaDOS disks.  This is a fully
		functional, read/write version, that supports 8, 9, or 10
		sector disks of 80 tracks, and should also work on 40 track
		drives and hard disks with 12 or 16 bit FAT of any
		dimension the FAT allows.  Update to version "1.5" (Release
		1) on disk 327.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Seibert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0383
---------------------

LHArc		An archive program like Arc and Zoo, with a heavy emphasis
		maximum compression for minimum archive size, using LZHUF
		compression.  This is version 1.21, an update to version
		1.10 on disk 312.  Binary only.
		Author:  Paolo Zibetti

LibraryKiller	A small utility that allows you to remove libraries that
		aren't used any more.  Version 1.0, includes source in
		assembly.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

MandelMountains
		A program that renders three-dimensional images of
		blowups of the Mandelbrot set.  Includes several example
		images.  This is version 2.1, an update to version 2.0
		on disk 354.  The most significant enhancement for this
		version is that is is two to three times faster due
		to inclusion of a specially tuned fixed point arithmetic
		package.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mathias Ortmann

Pcopy		An intuition based disk copier for AmigaDOS disks featuring
		high speed diskcopy with write verify, data recovery from
		damaged tracks, full multitasking compatibility, and a user
		friendly interface.  This is version 2.11, an update to
		version 2.0 on disk 243, with new data recovery routines
		and some minor bug fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Reisig

CONTENTS OF DISK 0384
---------------------

Contact		Demo version of a "pop-up" program for managing personal
		contacts.  Allows you to keep a name and address list
		along with phone numbers and comments.  Can print mailing
		labels with a couple of mouse clicks (supports PostScript
		printers).  Names and address can be "clipped" into other
		programs such as word processors, and Contact can even
		dial your modem for you.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Craig Fisher, CMF Software

Elements	Very nice interactive display of the the Periodic Table
		of Elements.  Includes general row and column information,
		plus a test mode where the program asks specific questions
		about the selected element or row/column.  This is version
		2.3, an update to version 2.0 on disk 368.  Binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

NorthC		A freely redistributable programming package containing
		all the programs required for developing in C.  Based on
		the Sozobon Ltd C compiler, Charlie Gibb's assembler, the
		Software Distillery's linker, and portions from other
		sources.  Steve has pulled everything together and added
		some enhancements in the process.  This is version 1.2, an
		update to version 1.1 on disk 353.  Changes include extra
		examples, many bug fixes, further documentation and some
		improvements.  The environment is supplied compressed and
		unpacks to two disks.  Partial source is included.
		Author:  Steve Hawtin, Charlie Gibbs, Sozobon Ltd, The
			 Software Distilary and many others.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0385
---------------------

MortCalc	Yet another loan calculator, but this one was written
		with accuracy in mind.  The monthly payments times the
		number of months should balance the total principal
		plus interest, to the cent.  Version 2.5, freeware,
		source included.
		Author:  Michel Laliberte

XLispStat	A statistical program based on David Betz' XLisp. It
		does some of the most advanced dynamic statistical
		graphics, included brushing, linking, and 3D rotations.
		Menus and requestors can be created dynamically with
		simple lisp commands, and treated as lisp objects, so
		that the program could be used for many other non-
		statistical purposes, such as interactive expert
		systems. XLisp-Stat has an ARexx port so that an editor
		may be used to prepare lisp programs and send them
		directly to XLisp-Stat to be executed.  Commands, as
		character strings, may also be sent from XLisp-Stat
		with the lisp command, "arexx".  All graphics produced
		may be saved to files in IFF format.  This version of
		XLisp-Stat (v.2.1, release 1) has been ported to the
		Amiga by James Lindsey, from the Mac version supplied
		by Luke Tierney.  Requires a numerical coprocessor
		(M68881/M68882) and an M68020/M68030 processor.
		This disk contains the executables, manual, and lisp
		files.  The sources can be found on disk 386.
		Author:  David Betz, Luke Tierney, James Lindsey

CONTENTS OF DISK 0386
---------------------

Statpack	Demo version of a statistics and data manipulation
		program.  Version 3.2, binary only.
		Author:  James Lindsey

XLispStat	A statistical program based on David Betz' XLisp. It
		does some of the most advanced dynamic statistical
		graphics, included brushing, linking, and 3D rotations.
		Menus and requestors can be created dynamically with
		simple lisp commands, and treated as lisp objects, so
		that the program could be used for many other non-
		statistical purposes, such as interactive expert
		systems. XLisp-Stat has an ARexx port so that an editor
		may be used to prepare lisp programs and send them
		directly to XLisp-Stat to be executed.  Commands, as
		character strings, may also be sent from XLisp-Stat
		with the lisp command, "arexx".  All graphics produced
		may be saved to files in IFF format.  This version of
		XLisp-Stat (v.2.1, release 1) has been ported to the
		Amiga by James Lindsey, from the Mac version supplied
		by Luke Tierney.  Requires a numerical coprocessor
		(M68881/M68882) and an M68020/M68030 processor.
		This disk contains the sources.  The executables,
		manual, and lisp files can be found on disk 385.
		Author:  David Betz, Luke Tierney, James Lindsey

CONTENTS OF DISK 0387
---------------------

BlitterSand	An interesting cellular automata program that gets its
		roots from a "sandpile".  Intriguing to watch.  Includes
		assembly source.
		Author:  Mike Creutz

ExtFuncProc	External Function Process.  Allows execution of any library
		function from simple tasks even if these functions require
		a process environment.  For experienced programmers only
		because there isn't any documentation written yet but only
		an example.  ExtFuncProc is used by GMC.  It runs under
		KS 2.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Goetz Mueller

GMC		A console handler with command line editing and function
		key support.  GMC provides extended command line editing,
		function key assignment in four levels, extended command
		line history, online help for functions in the handler,
		and an iconify function.  This is version 9.2, an update
		to version 4.0 on disk 291, with many new features,
		including an output buffer (dump to printer and window),
		filename completer, script function, undo function, prompt
		beeper, pathname in window title, close gadget for KS 2.0,
		etc.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Goetz Mueller

H2I		Translates C include files into assembler include files.
		Useful for programmers that use both C and assembler code
		in the same program.  Helps to keep the structure definitions
		consistent.  Version 1.1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Goetz Mueller

MandAnim	A Mandelbrot Animation program that allows you to easily
		generate series of lo-res/16-color pictures.  Features
		full mouse and/or keyboard operation, zooms, auto-save,
		high (cheat) speed, iconization, etc.  The generated
		pictures all remember their positions and settings so
		they can be re-loaded.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul.

MandelBlitz	Very fast Mandelbrot plotter with lots of handy functions
		such as color cycling, zoom, special palette control,
		file requestors and more.  Version 1.0, binary only
		Author:  Nico Franois

Menu		A fast-access menu system configurable via a script file
		that allows the user run selected programs.  Version 2.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Mrnhag

NTSC-PAL	Two programs that give A500/A2000 owners with the new ECS
		1Mb Agnus installed the ability to boot into either a NTSC
		or PAL environment.  *Very* useful for both NTSC and PAL
		owners alike.  Version 1.1, includes assembly source.
		Author:  Nico Franois

Wreq		Replace "pop-up" requestors with line-oriented requesters
		(similar to those found in an MS-DOS environment) that
		can be easily handled from the keyboard.  If there is no
		interactive console for the process, the requester won't
		appear.  Includes assembly source.
		Author:  Tuomo Mickelsson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0388
---------------------

Calc		A shell style, command-line calculator.  Calc does not
		have a fancy keypad display as many other calculator
		programs do.  Instead, it is capable of taking its input
		from a file, the keyboard, or a command line and output-
		ting its results to a file or the screen.  It can also
		apply a single equation to all of the values stored in a
		file (or files).  It handles all common mathematical
		expressions, can optionally predefine physical constants
		and store variables.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Bill Dimm

DClock		A "Dumb Clock" utility that displays the date and time
		in the Workbench screen title bar.  This is version 1.27,
		an update version 1.12 disk number 325.  Many more useful
		enhancements/bug fixes, including an ARexx interface.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

DIEd		A full-screen ANSI editor including an animation utility.
		Provides PAL and NTSC compatibility.  Many useful features
		such as horizontal and vertical block cut/pasting operations,
		line/block/screen centering, save defaults and more.
		Version 2.4, binary only.
		Author:  P-E Raue

Free		Display how much free space (bytes or blocks) you have on any
		or all of your mounted disk volumes.  Runs from CLI only.
		Based on "Free" by Tom Smythe on Fish Disk 66, but totally
		rewritten and enhanced.  Version 1.01, includes source.
		Author:  Daniel Jay Barrett

KeyMapEd	Allows you to change the KeyMaps used with SetMap.  This
		is a full featured editor providing support for normal,
		string and dead keys.  The keyboard represented is from
		an A3000/A2000/A500 but it is fully compatible with A1000
		keyboards.  This is version 1.1i, an update to version
		1.02 on disk number 193, binary only.
		Author:  Tim Friest

SnoopDos	A utility for monitoring AmigaDOS calls.  In particular,
		it allows you to see what libraries, devices, fonts,
		environment variables or startup files a program is looking
		for.  Very useful when you're trying to install a new
		application.  Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

CONTENTS OF DISK 0389
---------------------

Kick		Another screen hack, specifically for A500/A2000 owners.
		I don't want to spoil any surprises but reportedly causes
		some machines to crash.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tony Solomon, Paul Fortin

Plot		A 3-D function plotting program with provisions for
		coordinate translation on both axes, parametric equations,
		and standardized notation of the pow function (x^y -- which
		now works as specified.).  This is version 5.1, an update
		to version 4.1 on disk 175, with some enhancements and bug
		fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

PolySys		An extended version of the 0L-system (string rewriting)
		described in The Science of Fractal Images (edited by
		Pietgen and Saupe).  The basic algorithm has been expanded
		and modified extensively, and looping commands similiar to
		those found in other Turtle graphics systems (Logo, etc)
		have been added.  Support for three-dimensional drawing,
		with perspective, is also included.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

Retab		Useful command-line "tab-to-space" and "space-to-tab"
		expansion utility.  Several command-line options to specify
		size/settings and the ability to protect material enclosed
		by delimiters (quotes, brackets, carats, etc.) from
		expansion.  Version 1.03, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Klink

ZPlot		Graphs formulas based on 4-D complex number planes.  ZPlot
		currently supports the Mandelbrot set, Julia sets, and
		Phoenix curves, with over 500 mapping variations.  The math
		functions supported include sin(z), sinh(z), z^z, e^z, z^n,
		sqrt(z), cos(z), cosh(z), tan(z), tanh(z), log(z), ln(z)
		and n^z.  Version 1.3d, binary only
		Author:  Terry Gintz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0390
---------------------

Flip		Allows you to quickly and easily switch between various
		screens.  Can close screens, pull them up, and activate
		windows.  Has the unique feature of sorting screens in a
		way that all title bars are visible at one time.  This is
		version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Lars Eggert

ReadmeMaster	A nifty little database for finding those programs that
		you know exist somewhere (???) in the AmigaLibDisk library.
		Maintains a keyword dictionary of the Contents descriptions
		that allows searching by disk number, program title, author's
		name, or some other descriptive word.  Currently supports
		disks 1-360, an update to the version on disk number 163.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Harold Morash

SetClock	A utility to set or read the hardware clock on a Spirit
		Technology memory expansion board.  Works in a manner
		similar to the SetClock utility which is supplied by
		Commodore with Amigas that have hardware clocks as
		standard equipment.  Includes source in PCQPascal and
		assembler.
		Author:  Willi Kusche

SM		Small utility to center the display.  Recoded version of
		"ScreenShift" by Anson Mah (Disk 88), only half the size.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Anson Mah, Lattice V5.04 recoding by Oliver Wagner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0391
---------------------

Curses		A link library containing many of the terminal independant
		standard "curses" functions.   Designed primarily for
		those interested in porting unix screen based programs to
		the Amiga.  Version 1.10, binary only.
		Author:  Simon John Raybould

Eco		An ECHO replacement which allows many escape sequences for
		colors, text styles, cursor positioning, system variables,
		and much more.  Has PURE bit set and can be made resident.
		Version 3.40, includes source.
		Author:  Dario de Judicibus

FractalLab	Investigate the realm of fractals and allow your imagination
		to run wild.  Virtually an unlimited number of these self-
		similar curves can be created with FractalLab.  Includes
		several interesting samples.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

ListPlot	A 2D plotting program built around the PLPLOT plotting
		library.  Its principle advantage is that it supports
		a variety of graphics devices.  By default, output is
		sent to a window on the Amiga's screen.  Through command
		line options, the graph can be sent to any preferences
		printer with graphics capability, stored as an IFF file,
		stored in HPGL format, stored in Aegis Draw format, or
		stored as an Encapsulated Postscript File.  A variety of
		line styles and colors are available.  Includes source.
		Author:  Frederick R. Bartram and Anthony M. Richardson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0392
---------------------

BTNTape		A "Better Than Nothing" SCSI tape device handler.  It 
		provides flat file access to a SCSI tape drive from 
		application programs using simple DOS calls to Read() 
		and Write().  It can also be used with the Amiga TAR 
		utility for disk backups.  Files may span multiple tape
		volumes and may start at any tape block.  This handler 
		requires a "SCSI-direct" compatible hard disk driver. 
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Robert Rethemeyer

CPlot		Graphs linear functions in two dimensions, similiar to 
		a Mandelbrot plot.  You start with a linear function like
		10sin(x**2+y**2) and CPlot treats each point on the screen
		as an X-Y coordinate, color-scaling it according to its 
		magnitude for a preset range of inputs.  Includes some 
		very nice sample creations.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Terry Gintz

Pmode		Very simple command line utility to send escape sequences
		to the printer to change print styles.  Specifically 
		tested a NEC P6 Plus, but it should work with many printers.
		Included source should make it easy to add/modify escape
		sequences.
		Author:  Dario de Judicibus

SetNoClick	Very simple program to set the NOCLICK flag in the public 
		section of a trackdisk unit.  Only works with version 36
		and up of trackdisk.device.  Includes source.
		Author:  Marc Boucher

Spades		Amiga'ized version of the popular card game.  This is 
		a single player version, where you play one hand and 
		the computer plays your partner and also your two 
		opponents.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Greg Stelmack

CONTENTS OF DISK 0393
---------------------

FileIO		The dissidents file requester.  This is version 1.9, an
		update to version 1.6 on disk 348.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt, Dissidents Software

FontConvert	A printer font conversion program to convert standard
		Amiga fonts into a form suitable for downloading to
		a printer that supports user defined printer fonts.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

FuncLib		A program that allows you to add or remove rexx function
		libraries.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt, Dissidents Software

ILBMLib		A shared library (ilbm.library) to read/write IFF files,
		derived from the EA IFF code, along with various
		enhancements.  Version 0.3, a partial update to version
		on disk 348.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt, Dissidents Software

LibTool		A program that allows you to develop C or assembly code,
		and then quickly turn it into a shared library.  Also
		generates all support files for your library including
		Pragma files (both Manx and Lattice), bmap files, include
		files, C interface glue files.  Can be used to make a
		device, too.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt, Dissidents Software

PrintSpool	A small print spooling shared library that provides an easy
		way to print graphics and text for any application.  It can
		print ascii text of any length or dump any part or all of a
		rastport.  Takes care of opening the printer.device and
		manages its own resources.  Version 0.1, binary only, with
		source code examples.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt, Dissidents Software

RexxIntuition	This is a ARexx function library that allows you to
		open windows/screens from an ARexx script, attach menus,
		gadgets, (file) requesters, load and save ILBM picture
		files, auto-requesters, print text and graphic dumps,
		and completely interact with the user in an intuition
		environment.  Adds all of those Amiga features that
		ARexx lacks.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt, Dissidents Software

RexxLib		A shared library that can be easily used by any C or
		assembly programmer to add an ARexx interface to his
		programs.  Handles all of the messy details including
		message creation/deletion and error handling.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt, Dissidents Software

CONTENTS OF DISK 0394
---------------------

Aniptrs3	Some more animated pointers to choose from to "liven"
		up your display environment.  Other pointers from Bob
		are on disks 332 and 364.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bob McKain, pointer animation program by Tim Kemp

'Liner		A shareware outliner whose function is to create outlines
		for notes or export to other programs.  'Liner can save an
		outline as ASCII text, and is clipboard compatible.
		Enhancements over the previous version include support for
		ARexx, Workbench, overscanned screens, more than one line
		of text per outline number, a preferences file, and
		search/replace.  Version 2.00, an upgrade to version 1.32
		on disk 285.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Pics		Some miscellaneous pictures with a "cartoon" theme.
		Author:  Bob McKain

PrintImage	A simple program that provides an easy way to print
		IFF ILBM images.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0395
---------------------

This disk was removed from the library due to copyright problems.

DragonCave	A nicely done Sokoban like game for the Amiga.  Features
		include sound effects, two or three dimensional graphics,
		100 levels (50 of which can be customized with the built-
		in editor), undo of up to 1000 preceding steps, transparent
		copying of data files to ram: for reduced load times, both
		English and German versions, and more.  Version 1.00,
		binary only.
		Author:  Hartmut Stein and Michael Berling

CONTENTS OF DISK 0396
---------------------

ColorCatch	A utility that lets you grab colors from a screen and
		save them as an executable file.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

NewLook		A program that changes the system gadgets in all the
		screens and windows.  Version 1.0, includes source in
		assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PBar		An editor to change the pattern in the windows drag bar
		and save the pattern as an executable file with an icon
		looking like the pattern.  Version 1.0, includes source
		in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PCalender	A little calender program which lets you look through
		years and months using the arrow-keys.  Version 1.0,
		includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PClock		A little clock program which shows the time and the
		available CHIP and FAST memory.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PFiler		A very good and small file requester to link onto your
		own programs.  Version 1.0, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

Resident	A resident startup module for Aztec C.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

RoadRoute	Trip planner program to find "best road route" between
		any two points of travel.  Features include the user
		customization of CITIES and ROADS files to suit travel
		interests and provision for very large city menus and
		itineraries.  Also includes RoadScan, a checker for
		RoadRoute files (CITIES and ROADS).  Very large files
		may contain goofs (cities with no roads, the same road
		entered twice, etc.), or oddities (direct road not as
		fast as multipoint).  These are pointed out, together
		with areas where users might wish to make economies in
		the data base.  Version 1.6, an update to version 1.5
		on disk 358, includes source.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

TurboTopaz	Two Text speed up programs like FastFonts.  Allows
		replacement of the Topaz-80 font from both CLI and
		WorkBench.  Includes a program to measure to speed of
		Text speed up programs.  Version 1.0, includes source
		in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0397
---------------------

DKBTrace	A complete ray tracer that supports arbitrary quadric
		surfaces (spheres, ellipsoids, cones, cylinders, planes,
		etc.), constructive solid geometry, and various shading
		models (reflection, refraction, marble, wood, and many
		others).  It also has special case code to handle spheres,
		planes, triangles, and smooth triangles.  By using these
		special primitives, the rendering can be done much more
		quickly than by using the more general quadrics.  This
		is version 2.0 and includes source in C.
		Author:  David Buck

CONTENTS OF DISK 0398
---------------------

DClock		A "Dumb Clock" utility that displays the date and time
		in the Workbench screen title bar.  Includes an ARexx
		interface.  This is version 1.29, an update to version
		1.27 on disk 388.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

Formatter	A faster and more user friendly floppy disk formatter
		that is also an example of how to format Amiga file
		systems in general and get AmigaDOS to accept them.
		Formatting without verify takes about 50 seconds,
		with verify takes about 100 seconds.  Version 2.7,
		includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

GMC		A console handler with command line editing and function
		key support.  GMC provides extended command line editing,
		function key assignment in four levels, extended command
		line history, online help for functions in the handler,
		and an iconify function.  Also includes an output buffer
		(dump to printer and window), filename completer, script
		function, undo function, prompt beeper, pathname in window
		title, close gadget for KS 2.0, etc.  This is version 9.6,
		an update to version 9.2 on disk 387.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Goetz Mueller

HunkFunk	A program to "disassemble" any given AmigaDOS hunk file,
		which includes executables, linker libraries, linker
		object files, overlayed files, etc.  Written as an exercise
		by the author to learn a few things about AmigaDOS hunk
		structures.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

KeyMacro	A keyboard macro program, configurable via a text file,
		that also supports hotkey program execution.  You can
		map up to eight functions to each key, including keys
		such as cursor keys, the return key, etc.  Version 1.6,
		an update to version 1.4 on disk 354.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0399
---------------------

AutoCLI		A 'PopCLI' type replacement that works with WorkBench 2.0.
		Also fixes the problem with PopCLI crashing the machine if
		used on a PAL Amiga to open a CLI window with a vertical
		size greater than 200 lines.  Other features include an
		optional Function-key press with the qualifier to execute
		an S:script file.  Version 1.6, binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CCLib		An implementation of the standard C runtime library, with
		a few extra goodies thrown in.  Supports a large number of
		functions including stream I/O, low-level I/O, string,
		memory, linked list, sorting, time, process control and
		more.  Version 3.0, includes source and several utility
		programs.
		Author:  Robert W. Albrecht

PrettyWindows	Three different C routines to add various borders inside
		of windows.  Includes source and a demo.
		Author:  Thom Robertson

TrackDisplay	A simple program that continuously monitors and displays
		the current track for each floppy disk.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0400
---------------------

DriveWars	DriveWars is a Shareware shoot'em up game that pits
		you, df0: or df1:, against a computer virus that is
		about to destroy all U.S. records of Iraq's positions
		during operation Desert Shield.  In version 1.0, you
		must fly df0: through the computers and destroy all
		contaminated chips and disks.
		Author:  Joe Angell

ParNet		The Software Distillery's NET: file system using Matt
		Dillon's parallel port code.  Using a special DB25 cable,
		two Amigas can be connected via the parallel port.  One
		Amiga can mount the other as a device and read/write the
		files as if they were local.  Version 2.4, binary only.
		Author:  Doug Walker, John Toebes, Matt Dillon

ReqLib		A runtime, reentrant library designed to make it easier
		for programmers to use powerful, easy to use requesters,
		for communicating with users.  Includes such functions
		as a color requester, file requester, message display 
		requester and many functions to make the creation of gadgets
		for your own custom requesters easier.  Binary only.
		Author:  Colin Fox and Bruce Dawson

SetCPU		A program designed to allow the user to detect and modify
		various parameters related to 32 bit CPUs.  Includes
		commands to enable or disable the text/data caches,
		switch on or off the '030 burst cache line fill request,
		use the MMU to run a ROM image from 32-bit memory, and
		to report various parameters when called from a script.
		This is version 1.60, an update to version 1.5 on disk 223.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

SF2		File search utility.  Default searching starts from the
		root directory of the specified device and descends down
		into its subdirectories.  Searching includes looking into
		archive files generated by various compression utilities.
		Archive files ending with a .ARC, .LHZ, .ZIP and .ZOO
		are currently supported.  Lots of command line options.
		Requires ARP 1.3 (rev. 39.1).  Version 2.0, binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Andrea Suatoni

CONTENTS OF DISK 0401
---------------------

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 001-400 using the brik
		program.  These were made directly from my master disks.
		This is an update to the lists on disk 293.
		Author:  Fred Fish

HappySong	A song created using the freely distributable program
                MED V.2.10.  Player program included.
		Author:  Alex Van Starrex

CONTENTS OF DISK 0402
---------------------

ADoc            A freely redistributable help utility for the Amiga.
                Allows you to have permanent help on any subject you want.
                Major feature is automatic searching of the word on which
                you clicked.  Includes a 50 Kb help file (French only) on
		all Intuition and Dos function calls.  This is version
		3.10, binary only, French and English versions.
		Author:  Denis GOUNELLE

APrf            A freely redistributable printing utility for the Amiga.
                Major features are full Intuition interface, preview
                function, page selection, margins setup, line numbering,
                and more.  This is version 2.62, binary only, French and
		English versions.
                Author:  Denis GOUNELLE.

Pcopy		An intuition based disk copier for AmigaDOS disks featuring
		high speed diskcopy with write verify, data recovery from
		damaged tracks, full multitasking compatibility, and a user
		friendly interface.  This is version 2.12, an update to
		version 2.11 on disk 383, with new data recovery routines
		and some bug fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Reisig

PLW		Phone-Line-Watcher.  For users of Hayes compatible modems.
		Monitors the serial port and records all incoming calls.
		Allows a remote user to login, receive and leave a message,
		and transfer files via Zmodem in either direction.  Two
		level DOS access, disabled DOS requestors and more.  This
		is version 3.0, an update to version 2.8 on disk 372.  New
		features include the ability to define external programs
		as menu options that can be executed by the remote user.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Christian Fries

PrintStudio	Very nice intuition based general purpose print utility
		that prints text with a variety of options.  Prints
		several graphic formats with yet more options.  Print any
		part of a picture, print screens and windows, save screens
		and windows as IFF files, modify color palettes, change
		printing parameters and lots more!  This is version 1.25,
		an update to version 1.2 on disk 366.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

StdFile		A module that can be linked with any Intuition based
		program to provide a standard file requestor similar to
		the one in AmigaDOS 2.0.  Even if you use the standard
		requestor under 2.0, it is useful to have one available
		for use if you need to run on pre-2.0 systems.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Jeff Lydiatt and Peter da Silva

CONTENTS OF DISK 0403
---------------------

FixDisk		A program to recover as much as possible from a defective
		disk.  It can sometimes recover damaged (unreadable)
		tracks, check file integrity, check the directory
		structure, undelete files, copy or show files, fix
		corrupted directory pointers, etc.  Full intuition
		interface.  This is version 1.2, an update to version
		1.0 on disk 223.  Binary only.
		Author:  Werner Guenther

KawaiEditor	A Kawai K4 editor (apparently some kind of midi
		based music synthesizer).  Version 1.0, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Jan Saucke

NiftyTerm	NiftyTerm is an h19/VT102/VT52 emulator for the Amiga.
		It was originally designed to be used with DNet, but it
		has been expanded so that it may be used as a normal
		terminal emulator.  Niftyterm was designed to be a good
		emulation of these terminals, as well as being fairly
		small and fast.  Version 1.0, binary only, source available
		from authors.
		Author:  Christopher Newman, Todd Williamson

PokerDemo	Demo version of some Solitaire card games from UnSane
		Creations.  Includes "Accordion", "Calculation", "Poker
		Solitaire", and "SeaHaven Towers".  Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Francis

RexxHostLib	This is a shared library package to simplify the ARexx
		host creation/management procedure.  Rexx-message
		parsing is also included making it possible to control
		ARexx from programs such as AmigaBASIC (can you
		imagine AmigaBASIC controlling AmigaTeX?).  This is
		version 36.14, an update to version 34.12 on disk 355.
		Differences include a few bug fixes and new functions.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0404
---------------------

LHArc		An archive program like Arc and Zoo, with a heavy emphasis
		maximum compression for minimum archive size, using LZHUF
		compression.  This is version 1.30, an update to version
		1.21 on disk 383.  Binary only.
		Author:  Paolo Zibetti

NGTC		Release One of a trivia game based on "Star Trek: The Next
		Generation" TV series.  Contains over 500 questions on
		Season One of the series with over 50 audio/video clues.
		This disk contains the game module and part 1 of the
		Trivia Database.  You MUST have disk 405 which contains the
		rest of the Trivia Database and the required player program.
		Created with The Director.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gregory Epley

CONTENTS OF DISK 0405
---------------------

GIFMachine	A program that will convert CompuServe GIF image files
		into IFF SHAM and 24bit ILBMs.  It offers a number of
		extra options like dithering, horizontal and vertical
		flip, as well as automatic border removal.  Requires
		KickStart version 2.0 or greater to run.  Version 2.104,
		includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

NGTC		Release One of a trivia game based on "Star Trek: The Next
		Generation" TV series.  Contains over 500 questions on
		Season One of the series with over 50 audio/video clues.
		This disk contains part 2 of the Trivia Database and the
		"Projector" player.  You MUST have disk 404 which contains
		the rest of the Trivia Database and the game module.
		Created with The Director.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gregory Epley

CONTENTS OF DISK 0406
---------------------

ATCopy		A program to copy files from the Amiga side of a system
		equipped with a PC/AT bridgeboard, to the PC side, using
		wildcards.  Copies directly through the shared memory.
		Supports CLI and WorkBench usage.  Version 2.0, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Peter Vorwerk

DirWork		A fast small simple efficent shareware DirUtility that
		gets directories off floppies in about half the normal
		time.  Configurable options and buttons, as well as all
		the usual features.  This is Version 1.12, an update to
		the one on disk 328.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

DMS		DISK-Masher is a utility that allows users to compress and
		archive entire floppy disks.  Offers four different types
		of compression, extended virus checking of boot blocks,
		and data encryption.  Requires at least 512K of memory.
		This is version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  SDS Software

GnuAwk		GNU awk is the GNU Project's implementation of the AWK
		programming language.  It conforms to the definition
		and description of the language in The AWK Programming
		Language, by Aho, Kernighan, and Weinberger, with the
		additional features defined in the System V Release 4
		version of UNIX awk.  Version 2.10 beta, includes source.
		Author:  Paul Rubin, Jay Fenlason, Arnold Robbins, et al.

GnuGrep		The grep program from the GNU project.  Replaces grep
		fgrep, egrep, and bmgrep.  This is an update to version
		1.5 on disk 295 and now handles AmigaDOS style wildcard
		specifications.  Includes source.
		Author:  Many (see README file)

MadBlanker	A cute screen blanker that bounces a transparent rectangle
		around on the screen, like a theater spotlight, with
		configurable options which include size and whether or not
		you want the rectangle to change size.  Version 2.0,
		includes source.
		Author: K. Mardam-Bey

CONTENTS OF DISK 0407
---------------------

DMouse		A versatile screen & mouse blanker, auto window activator,
		mouse accelerator, popcli, pop window to front, push
		window to back, etc, widget.  This is DMouse version 1.24,
		an update to version 1.20 on disk 258.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Flex		Flex is a replacement for the UNIX "lex" (lexical
		analyzer generator) program that is faster than
		lex, and freely redistributable.  This is version 2.3,
		an update to the version on disk 156.  Includes source.
		Authors:  Jef Poskanzer, Vern Paxson, William Loftus,
			  et. al.

WonderSound	Wondersound is an additive harmonic instrument design
		tool with a separate envelope design window and 16
		relative harmonic strength and phase angle controls.
		Version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  Jeffrey Harrington

CONTENTS OF DISK 0408
---------------------

DCmd		A utility that monitors a CLI's console IO and copies it
		to a user specified file.  The console IO is unaffected
		by this monitoring.  Version 1.00, includes source.
		Author:  Matthew Dillon

KickDate	Saves and retrieves the current system date stamp to
		the first sector of the kickstart disk.  This is handy
		for A1000 users with autobooting hard drives, since it
		can save the system time across system resets and power
		cycles.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Joe Porkka

MoniDie		A cute little "screen hack".  Be sure to turn up the
		sound.  Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  David Donley

Post		An excellent PostScript interpreter for the Amiga which
		supports the full Adobe language and type 1 PostScript
		fonts.  Includes Charter font in Roman, Italic, Bold, and
		Bold-Italic, and Courier font in Roman, Roman-Oblique,
		Bold, and Bold-Oblique.  Requires Arp library V39+ and
		ConMan V1.3+.  Version 1.3, includes source in C.
		Author:  Adrian Aylward

CONTENTS OF DISK 0409
---------------------

Trek		An excellent shareware Star Trek game.  The object of
		the game is to stay alive, healthy, and maintain the
		Enterprise in good condition.  As Captain of the ship,
		you must go on missions where you show your common sense
		and level headedness.  An overly cautious Captain will
		loose his ship as well as a careless or irrational
		Captain.  This distribution unpacks into two almost
		full disks.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Tobias Richter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0410
---------------------

MechFight	A role playing game where you explore a world, buy or
		find items, and fight against robots and aliens.  During
		the game you are asked to perform certain tasks.  This
		is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Florian Marquardt

Vlt		VLT is both a VT100 emulator and a Tektronix (4014 plus
		subset of 4105) emulator, currently in use at SLAC
		(Stanford Linear Accelerator Center).  Although the VT100
		part was originally based on Dave Wecker et al.'s VT100,
		many enhancements were made.  Features include use of ARP,
		an ARexx port, XMODEM 1K/CRC and Kermit protocols, support
		for additional serial ports, external file transfer protocols
		(XPR), a "chat" mode, and scrollback/review/history buffer.
		It comes in two versions, one with Tektronix emulation, and
		one without.  The Tektronix emulation allows saving IFF files,
		PostScript files, and printing bitmaps to the printer.  This
		is version 4.846, an update to version 4.428 on disk 308.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0411
---------------------

BPDI		Demo version of a new strategy game written in GFA-BASIC.
		German version only.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Hasse

DiskPrint	Prints labels for 3.5" disks, primarily for PD library
		disks.  Label data files can be loaded into memory so
		labels for special disks are available without having to
		type anything in or without having to wait for AmigaDOS
		to read in the full directory.  Version 2.3e, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Jan Geissler

Mind		A design for artificial intelligence (AI) based upon
		linguistics.  The included animation shows how one node
		on a syntax tree flushes out the currently active concept
		in a mind contemplating a scene of the external world
		through the eye.  Includes five documents describing the
		theory behind the animation.
		Author:  Arthur Murray

PCStatus	Bridgeboard user's program that displays the status of the
		CAPS, NUM, INS, and SCROLL key in a separate window on
		every PC screen.  Also, both the Amiga and the PC will
		use the same status of the Caps Lock key.  Version 2.0,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alexander Hagen

Tron		Another game about the lightcycle race sequence in the 
		science fiction computer film "Tron".  One or two players
		and other options.  Written in GFA-BASIC and then com-
		piled.  This is version 1.23, an update to version 1.1
		on disk 355.  Now includes source in GFA-BASIC.
		Author:  Dirk Hasse

CONTENTS OF DISK 0412
---------------------

AutoAddRAM 	Allows you to add several non-autoconfig memory boards
		at once, optionally specifying priority and memory chunk
		name.  This is version 2.03, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

Check4Mem	Allows you to check from a batch file for a specified
		amount of memory with certain attributes.  If the
		requirements are not met, a WARN returncode is generated.
		This is version 3, an update to the version on disk 242.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CopperBars 	A simple but pretty demo of some rolling copper bars.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CopperMaster 	This program allows you to easily create your own custom
		copper lists for the Workbench screen.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CustReq		A glorified ASK command for your startup-sequence.  It
		generates a requester with the specified text, positive
		and negative gadgets (either of which can be the default),
		and an optional timeout value.  This is version 4, an
		update to the version on disk 242, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

DirectoryOpus	A slightly disabled demonstration version of a powerful
		commercial directory utility.  Very user friendly and
		configurable, with many features.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

FAClock 	Front Analog Clock.  This clock program always stays at
		the very front of the display.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

FullView	A text viewer that uses gadgets at the bottom of the screen
		(thus can display text 80 columns wide), opens up to the
		full height of the Workbench screen, has fast scrolling, and
		can work with files compressed by PowerPacker.  Also shows
		IFF pictures.  This is version 2.02, an update to version
		1.1 on disk 287, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

Image-Ed	An icon editor that allows you to draw and edit images up
		to 150 by 90, in up to 16 colors.  Allows freehand drawing,
		empty or filled rectangles, ellipses, triangles, lines
		curves, and polygons, copy, flip about x or y axis,
		stretching and condensing, flood fill and complement,
		text with selection and loading of font style, undo,
		magnified and normal sized images, and two active drawing
		screens at once.  This is version 2.4, an update to version
		2.2 on disk 242.  Shareware, binary only, source available
		from author.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

JoyMouse 	A simple program that allows you to use a joystick as a
		mouse.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

JPDirUtil	A directory-utilities type program with many built-in
		commands, and 16 customizable gadgets.  User configurable
		in many ways.  Can be iconified to Workbench screen.  This
		is version 1.12, an update to version 1.11 on disk 287.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

NoReq		A very short program that alternately turns on and off the
		DOS requesters.  Useful for bulletin boards or other systems
		that may be unattended for long periods of time. Includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

OSK		A software keyboard, which allows you to type using the
		mouse.  Can be made to send keystrokes to any window, and
		can be iconified.  This is version 1.2, an update to the
		version on disk 287.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

PopInfo		A small utility which "pops open" to give you information
		about the status of your devices and memory.  This is
		version 4.0, an update to version 3.0 on disk 242.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

SuperPlay 	A versatile sound playing utility, that will play any file,
		with user definable volume and speed.  Will also play files
		randomly from a list.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

SwapName 	A variant on the "rename" command that instead swaps the
		names of two files.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

TicTacToe 	A simple TicTacToe game.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

ZeroVirus	A fully integrated virus checker and killer, with bootblock
		save and restore features.  Finds both bootblock and file
		based viruses.  Uses Brainfiles to recognise viruses, and
		has "on-line" Brainfile editing facilities.  Can be iconified
		to Workbench screen.  This is version III 1.15, an update to
		version 2.01 on disk 287.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0413
---------------------

Aerotoons	Animations with anthropomorphed aircraft as the center
		of their humor.  Includes "Swiss Army F-16 In Combat"
		and "Stealthy Manuever II".
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

Juggette	Some cute "juggler" animations from Eric Schwartz.
		Includes "Juggette Anim", "Juggette_2", and "Juggler
		Demo 2".
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0414
---------------------

Anims		Some more cute animations from Eric Schwartz.  Includes
		"Batman", "LateNight", and "Terminal".
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

Din		A library that allows you to share image and text objects
		between programs.  The din.library is ideal if you want
		to write an editor and a DTP program that can share text,
		or a drawing program and a DTP program that can share a
		brush.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0.  This is version 1.0, some
		source included.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

Lila		A shareware utility that allows you to print listings or
		other text files on Postscript printers, with header,
		page numbers, and multicolumn pages.  Can print in portrait
		or landscape orientation.  This is version 9004b, an update
		to version 8912a on disk 368, binary only.
		Author:  Bertrand Gros

PPAnim		An anim player for normal IFF ANIM opt 5 (DPaint III,...)
		files or ANIM files crunched with PowerPacker.  The
		decrunching is done automatically as the file is read.
		Features many command line options, palette change during
		animation, full overscan PAL/NTSC support and yet it is
		only 7K.  Compatible with AmigaOS 2.0.  Some new 2.0
		features (ASL requester) supported.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PPLib		A shared library to make life easy for people who wish to
		write programs that support PowerPacker.  Loading crunched
		files from C or assembly is made fast, short and easy.
		This is version 34.2, an update to version 34.1 on disk
		371, and fixes a relatively serious bug.  Library binary
		only, source examples included.
		Author:  Nico Francois

Wrap		A program to wrap a Sculpt-Animate 4D image around a
		sphere or cylinder.  You can even use reliefed surfaces
		to construct planetary objects or other textured shapes.
		Version 1.32, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Koistinen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0415
---------------------

CBBS		A W0RLI-like BBS system for use in amateur radio.
		Originally written for IBM-PC compatibles, it was ported
		to the Amiga by Pete Hardie.  This is version 6.71a, an
		update to Version 6.1c on disk 241.  Binary only, source
		available from Pete Hardie.
		Authors:  Hank Oredson, the CBBS group, Pete Hardie

FileTypes	This program can recognize different kinds of files in a
		directory.  Currently recognized types are executable and
		IFF (all types, ILBM, 8SVX etc.).  Includes listing the
		whole contents of a directory or only files of one or more
		types. This is version 2.1, and includes assembly source.
		Author: Sebastian Leske

Uedit		A nice shareware editor with learn mode, a command
		language, menu customization, hypertext, online help,
		a teach mode, split windows, copy and paste, undo,
		and other user configurability and customizability
		features.  This is version 2.6c, an update to version
		2.5d on disk 287.  Binary only.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0416
---------------------

Budget		A program to help with managing personal finances.
		Version 1.301, binary only.
		Author:  Le Lay Serge Camille

Clock		Two programs to put clocks on the WB screen.  The
		executables are small (2Kb) and take little processor
		time (1.5%) to run.  Version 1.4.  Both programs
		require ARP.  Source in C is included.
		Author:  Stuart Mitchell

Intoxicated	A nice little screen hack which affects the mouse.
		Saying any more would spoil the fun.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Albers

Quantizer	FLCLQ color quantizer which converts 24 bit true color
		images into 256, or less, color images.  Uses a fairly
		sophisticated algorithm, mixing median-cut, popularity,
		and a custom algorithm.  Includes a version for Amiga's
		with a math coprocessor.  Version 1.0, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Christophe Labouisse and Frederic Louguet

SoundEditor	An 8SVX stereo sound file editor written in assembly
		language for speed and minimum size.  This is V.98,
		an update to V.80 on disk 355.  Many new features
		including a working digitizer, raw loads, raw mac
		loads, time markers, rate converters, delay, ramp,
		filters, scroll, and it will iconify.  Binary only.
		Authors:  Howard Dortch, Mike Coriell, Matt Gerald

Utils		A group of small utility programs requiring ARP.  "Du"
		displays the disk space used by a directory, "Head"
		displays the first lines of a file and "Cookie" displays
		a humorous message.  All executables are very small
		(less than one disk block each).  Assembly source is
		included.
		Author:  Stuart Mitchell

WTF		WTF (Window To Front) is a little hack which brings a
		window to the front when double-clicked.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Albers

CONTENTS OF DISK 0417
---------------------

Alert		Program to create custom alert boxes and standalone
		programs to display them.  Each alert can be up to 7 lines
		of up to 77 characters per line.  Version 3.6, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Jansen

Coyote		Another cute animation from Eric Schwartz.  This one is
		"Coyote 2: The Road Test", Eric's tribute to Chuck Jones.
		Has the typical Roadrunner and Coyote mayhem.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

DataEasy	A database program which includes a phone dialer, speech
		output, a simple screen editor for making and modifying
		the database definitions, a screen print function, form
		letter printing, sorting, searching, and two small sample
		databases.  Version 1.1, binary only, source available
		from author.
		Author:  J. Dale Holt

MemLook		Gives a graphical view of your machine's entire memory
		area.  Features memory gauge and controllable scrolling
		speed via the cursor keys.  Version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.1B on disk 364.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Thomas Jansen

MostCurrent	Two programs that are to be used with B. Lennart Olsson's
		Aquarium program.  The first program creates a new button
		called "Most Current".  The second program updates the
		index file so that the "Most Current" button is set for
		all entries that are the most current versions of their
		set.  Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Peter A. Phelps

Quiz		A simple Quiz game.  Current quiz subjects include "Bible",
		"Indians", "New England", "Physics", and "States".  Binary
		only.
		Author:  J. Dale Holt

WBGauge		A utility to patch AmigaOS 2.0 to bring back the little
		gauge in the left border of disk windows, showing the ratio
		of available space on the disk.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jean-Michel Forgeas

WhatIs		A neat little utility which not only recognizes a wide
		variety of file types (executables, IFF, icons, zoo files,
		etc), but prints interesting information about the structure
		or contents of the recognized file types, such as what
		libraries, devices, resources, fonts, etc. a program uses.
		This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.2a on disk 334,
		and is for AmigaDOS 2.0 only.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

CONTENTS OF DISK 0418
---------------------

AtMovies	Another of Eric's cute animations, this one starring
		his cartoon creation "Amy the Squirrel" and her boyfriend
		in some hijinks at the movies.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

BootCACHE	Utility to turn off the 68020/68030 instruction and data
		caches upon rebooting.  This improves chances of old
		programs (especially games) working on Amigas with one
		of these processors (e.g. the A3000).  Version 1.0,
		includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Nico Francois

LJP		A program to print text files on an HP LaserJet printer.
		Supports landscape or portrait modes, use of any built-in
		font, automatic downloading of soft fonts, extremely fast
		printing, one or two logical pages on a single paper,
		multiple styles of page headers, adjustable page length
		and width, user specified pitch and point of a font,
		selectable margins and tab spacing, multiple copies,
		optional line numbers, and more.  Version 1.01, binary
		only.
		Author:  Khalid Aldoseri

ModulaDefs	Implementation and Definition modules for the Amiga's
		Graphics, Intuition, and Math libraries, to be used with
		the Modula 2 compiler from disk 24.  Includes a source
		example of using the modules.  Binary only for the rest
		of the distribution.
		Author:  Jonas Green

PSX		A public screen manager for AmigaDOS 2.0.  Lets you open,
		manipulate, and close public screens, set the global
		public screen bits, and provides a good example of using
		GadTools and ReadArgs.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

PubScreens	Two utilities to manipulate public screens.  You can open
		and close them, or ask for information.  PublicS is the
		workbench version of PubScreen.  AmigaDOS 2.0 only. This
		is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

Running		A classical maze and puzzle game.  You run around in a
		maze and try to catch the ghosts or spiders.  It is
		completely multitasking friendly and compatible with
		AmigaDOS 1.2/1.3 and 2.0.  You can design your own levels.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

ScreenX		A program designed to make getting at screens easier,
		particularly screens that are lost behind other screens
		that don't give you depth gadgets.  You can pop them to
		the front, push them to the back, save the screen to an
		IFF file, print it, and even try to close it.  This is
		version 3.0, an update to version 2.1 on disk 158.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

CONTENTS OF DISK 0419
---------------------

ParM		Parameterable Menu.  ParM allows you to build menus to
		run whatever program you have on a disk.  ParM can run
		programs either in workbench or CLI mode.  This is an
		alternative to MyMenu which can run only when WorkBench
		is loaded.  ParM can have it's own little window, or can
		attach menus to the CLI window you are running it from.
		This is version 2.5r, an update to version 1.1 on disk
		375.  Includes source.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier and Pierre Carrette

ReqAztec	An enhanced version of the interface to req.library for
		Aztec C 5.0.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Pierre Carrette.

ReqLib		A runtime, reentrant library designed to make it easier
		for programmers to use powerful, easy to use requesters,
		for communicating with users.  Includes such functions
		as a color requester, file requester, message display 
		requester and many functions to make the creation of gadgets
		for your own custom requesters easier.  This is version
		2.5, an update to version 1.2 on disk 400.  Binary only.
		Author:  Colin Fox and Bruce Dawson

SetColors	A Palette replacement program that does a lot more in only
		3K.  Can save and load color files, and update preferences.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Pierre Carrette.

Yacc		This is a port of Berkeley Yacc for the Amiga.  This
		Yacc has been made as compatible as possible with the
		AT&T Yacc, and is completely public domain.  Note that
		it is NOT the so-called Decus Yacc, which is/was simply
		a repackaging of the proprietary AT&T Yacc.  This is
		an update to the version on disk 299.  Includes source.
		Author:  Bob Corbett et. al.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0420
---------------------

BootX		Yet another virus killer.  BootX can check the bootblock
		of a disk, check memory for any resident viruses, and
		scan a disk for link viruses.  It can load bootblock
		libraries for you to write on your disks as an alternative
		for the boring DOS install bootblock.  It can load brain
		files so you can add any new bootblocks that BootX does
		not yet recognize.  BootX is written completely in assembly
		for maximum speed and minimum size.  Version 3.40, binary
		only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

Iff2Src		A utility to convert IFF pictures or brushes to source
		(C or assembly).  The bitplanes, mask, colormap and image
		are written to a file.  You can convert multiple files at
		once.  Supports new 2.0 AppIcon windows (like IconEd).
		AmigaDOS 2.0 only.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

MenuWriter	Allows you to write a menu to the bootblock fo a disk.
		Allows up to 30 entries of 39 characters long, with 
		commands up to 31 characters long.  The loader also
		allows batch files to be executed.  Includes a built
		in virus detector.  Version 3.1, binary only, source
		available from author.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

QuickHelp	With the QuickHelp utilities you can make your own help
		files like "man" in UNIX (it is not compatible however).
		AmigaDOS 2.0 only.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

ShowGadgets	A simple utility to view all gadgets in a window.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

SpaceWar	A two player game with each player controlling a spaceship.
		The object is to shoot the other player, gaining one point
		for each kill.  The game ends when a player reaches fifty
		points.  Version 1.11, binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Petkau

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed
		comparisons with other configurations, versions of the
		OS software, etc.  Version 1.94, an update to version 1.4
		on disk 368.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

TTDDD		Textual TDDD is an ASCII version of Turbo Silver's TDDD
		object and cell description files.  The TTDDD format
		enables users to algorithmically generate objects, scenes,
		and animations.  Includes programs to convert between TDDD
		and TTDDD formats.  Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Glenn M. Lewis

WinMan		A very simple utility to manipulate windows. It adds some
		menus to the workbench, which you can use to shrink,
		maximize, tile or cascade your windows.  AmigaDOS 2.0 only.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

CONTENTS OF DISK 0421
---------------------

DMouse		A versatile screen & mouse blanker, auto window activator,
		mouse accelerator, popcli, pop window to front, push
		window to back, etc, widget.  This is DMouse version 1.25,
		an update to version 1.24 on disk 407.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

EZAsm		Combines parts of the "C" language with 68000 assembly,
		giving it the "feel" of a higher level language.  Supports
		all 1.3 functions.  Uses braces and "else" like "C".
		Resulting code is optimized as much as possible.  Takes
		source file you create and outputs a .asm file.  Includes
		example source and executable files.  Version 1.3, binary
		only.
		Author:  Joe Siebenmann

NoVirus		Another Anti-Virus utility.  This one features known and
		new virus detection, view boot block, save and restore
		bootblocks, several "Install" options and more.  Written 
		in assembly.  This is version 3.31, an update to version
		1.56 on disk 180, and is a limited demo of the commercial
		version.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

Zon		An arcade/adventure game that mixes a unique blend of
		puzzle solving and arcade adventure.  Your mind and your
		reflexes will both be tested to their limits as you
		work your way towards your goal, recovering the Rings
		of Zon.  Has 19 levels of action, save/restore your
		game on any level, stereo digitized soundtracks and
		sound effects, over 100 objects to discover and explore,
		up to 300 moving objects on the screen at once, and more.
		Volume 1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  George Broussard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0422
---------------------

Gravity		A program which simulates the movements of astronomical
		objects under the influence of gravity.  For example, you
		can simulate the solar system or two stars circling around
		each other.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Guido Burkard

Imploder	Allows you to reduce the size of executable files while
		letting them retain full functionality.  Uses efficient
		algorithms (both time and space) as well as taking into
		full consideration the complexity of the Amiga environment.
		Very well done. Version 3.1, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Struijk and Albert J. Brouwer

PopUpMenu	A small program that makes it possible for you to use
		pop-up-menus with any program that uses standard intuition
		menus.  Version 3.5, includes source.
		Author:  Martin Adrian

SystemTracer	A tool to view and manipulate various AmigaDOS 1.2 and
		1.3 system structures.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Guido Burkard

TrackDOS 	A program that allows easy transfer of data between DOS,
		memory and trackdisk.device.  DOS means the data contained
		within a file, memory means the data contained anywhere
		within the memory map and trackdisk.device means data
		stored on a disk not accessable with DOS (eg. bootblocks
		special loader disks etc.).  The transfer of data between
		these three areas is not normally easy or convenient.
		TrackDos was written to overcome this.  This is version
		1.04, an update to the version on disk 365.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

TrekTrivia	Very nice mouse-driven trivia type program for Star Trek 
		fans.  Contains 100 questions with additional trivia disks
		available from the author.  Includes selectable skill
		levels, a cheat mode, and 250K of digitized music.  This
		is version 3.0, an update to version 2.0 on disk 252.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  George Broussard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0423
---------------------

Hollywood	An easy to play trivia game with such subjects as M*A*S*H,
		Star Trek (old and TNG), Indiana Jones, general television
		trivia, and more.  Each topic contains fifty questions and
		a related picture.  Each time you answer a question right,
		a small portion of the picture is added to the screen.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:

LCDCalc		Probably the prettiest looking four founction (with memory)
		calculator ever written for the Amiga.  Written in J-Forth.
		Version 1.023, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Haas

Pogo		Another of Eric's cute animations.  This one has Pogo and
		crew trying to hold a conversation with the beautiful
		Miss Mam'a'selle.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

SetRamsey	A program that allows you to test the current settings of
		the RAMSEY ram controller chip on an Amiga 3000 under
		Kickstart 1.3 or 2.0, and change them if you wish.  Useful
		for hardware debugging to control static column mode, burst
		mode, or change the refresh rate.  Version 1.02, binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0424
---------------------

AutoCLI		A 'PopCLI' type replacement that works with WorkBench 2.0.
		Also fixes the problem with PopCLI crashing the machine if
		used on a PAL Amiga to open a CLI window with a vertical
		size greater than 200 lines.  Other features include an
		optional Function-key press with the qualifier to execute
		an S:script file.  Version 1.88, and update to version 1.6
		on disk 399, with more enhancements.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

MED		A music editor much like SoundTracker.  A song consists
		of up to 50 blocks of music, which can be played in any
		order.  Editing features include cut/paste/copy tracks
		or blocks, changing the vibrato, tempo, crescendo, and
		note volume.  Other features include switching of the
		low-pass-filter on or off on a per song basis, and a cute
		little animated pointer of a guy doing "jumping jacks" in
		time to the music!  This is version 2.13, an update to
		version 2.00 on disk 349.  Binary only.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen

TurboTitle	A program created for the purpose of subtitling Japanese
		Animation films and to create a standard Amiga subtitle
		format.  Is perfectly suited for subtitling any foreign
		film.  Version 0.71, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Jenks

CONTENTS OF DISK 0425
---------------------

A-Gene		Demo version of a shareware genealogy database program.
		The PAL version has been distributed in Australia and 
		England for some time.  This NTSC demo version is complete
		except that it is limited to 600 persons/300 marriages,
		does not support a text-editor to add free-form reports to
		records and does not show Digi-view pictures from within
		the program.  The color requester is not included as this
		entails adding a library file to libs: and is not really
		needed.  A-Gene needs 1Mb of ram, and a printer/2nd disk
		drive are a big help.  Version 3.10, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Simpson.

CheckBook	Checkbook accountant is a checkbook recording program
		intended to be used as a companion to a checkbook register,
		not a replacement.  Offers a simple way of balancing
		checkbooks, tracking bank transactions, and recording
		budgeted transactions.  Version 0.9, binary only.
		Author:  Jeffrey Almasol

Downhill	A skiing arcade game.  Ski skylar mountain, a dangerous,
		steep, downright scary mountain with bonus flags to pick
		up, rocks, bushes, and branches to jump over, all while
		avoiding obstacles such as trees.  The longer you stay up
		the faster you ski and the more points you get.  Binary
		only, joystick required, works only under AmigaDOS 1.3.
		Author:  David Alves

HeadGames	A "Shoot-Em-Up" game done with SEUCK game constructor,
		featuring digitized heads as enemies.  Binary only.
		Author:  Neil Sorenson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0426
---------------------

Conman		Extremely useful replacement for the standard console
		handler, provides line editing and command line	histories.
		Completely transparent to any application program that
		uses CON: windows.  This program is shareware, and well
		worth a donation to the author.  This is version 1.3e, 
		an update to version 1.3 on disk 165.  Changes include
		updates for WorkBench 2.0 console refresh and cut/paste,
		and improvements to window resizing.  Binary only.
		Author:  William Hawes

Metro		In METRO, you play the role of a city planner.  Using
		limited funds, you must construct a mass-transit subway
		system capable of meeting the needs of your city.  Build
		wisely and your system will be a success, but poor planning
		will lead to disaster and financial ruin.  Shareware,
		binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Mark A. Thomas and David P. Townsend

RickParksArt	A collection of artwork from one of the leading Amiga
		artists.  Includes "Bryce", "Clipper", "Einstein",
		"Falconer", "Lincoln", "Lion", "Mickey", "Norman", and
		"Stymie".  Superb hand drawn images with lots of detail.
		Author:  Rick Parks

CONTENTS OF DISK 0427
---------------------

BlackJack	A blackjack simulation program with the ability to simulate
		nearly any casino blackjack game in the world.  Allows the
		use of the most popular playing strategies and modifications
		to them.  Has color coded strategy tables to enhance the
		learning of the strategy.  Tracks basic statistics such as
		number of hands played, bankroll limits, casino profitability
		and others.  Allows from 1 to 7 players, including the
		computer.  Has online help, a demo mode, and a special
		practice mode.  Version 1.01, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dan Cogliano

Chemesthetics	Chemesthetics is a program that draws molecules using the
		calotte model.  This means that atoms are drawn as bowls.
		Using this model, even extremely dangerous molecules like
		dioxine look quite nice.  Chemesthetics has a fully
		intuitionized user interface and pictures can be saved as
		IFF graphics files.  Version 2.00, includes source.
		Author:  Joerg Fenin / Metalworx

Cyrillic	Cyrillic (Russian) 12-point font.
		Author:  Elaine and Timm Martin

STV		Simple text viewer with mouse and keyboard scrolling, text
		search, and hooks to be launched onto custom screens.  Works
		great under both Workbench v1.3 and v2.0 and from the CLI
		or icon.  Version 1.00a, includes full C source.
		Author:  Timm Martin.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0428
---------------------

BCBMusic	A set of three original songs written and composed using
		the freely distributable MED v2.10 music editor.  These
		songs do not require a separate player program because it
		is actually compiled in with the song.  WB2.0 compatible.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Brian C. Berg

CyroUtils	Four handy animation utilities from Cryogenic Software.
		Includes an animation creation tool that allows you to
		combine selected pictures into a standard animation,
		an animation information tool that is used to extract 
		certain information from a given animation, an animation
		combining tool that allows you to join two animations
		into a larger one, and an animation splitting tool that
		allows you to split one animation into two smaller ones.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Cyrogenic Software

ShadowMaker	Demo version of an Intuition based Font shadow generator.
		In seconds you can convert your favorite fonts into color
		fonts with professional video shadows built right in.
		This demo version is missing the characters 'w', 'x', 'y',
		and 'z'.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Lebans

Train		An electric train contruction set game simulation.
		Shareware, binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Dennis Saunders

WonderSound	Wondersound is an additive harmonic instrument design
		tool with a separate envelope design window and 16
		relative harmonic strength and phase angle controls.
		Version 1.6, an update to version 1.4 on disk 407.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jeffrey Harrington

CONTENTS OF DISK 0429
---------------------

ATCopy		A program to copy files from the Amiga side of a system
		equipped with a PC/AT bridgeboard, to the PC side, using
		wildcards.  Copies directly through the shared memory.
		Supports CLI and WorkBench usage.  This is version 2.1,
		an update to version 2.0 on disk 406.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Peter Vorwerk

CLImax		A command like NewCLI or NewShell except that it creates a
		borderless CLI or Shell window on a custom screen.  Now you
		can use the whole display just like a non-windowing computer.
		Requires ConMan 1.3 or newer.  Release three, vastly improved
		over the first release on disk 224.  Includes source. 
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

Dr		Another alternative CLI directory lister command.  This one
		features extreme optimization for speed, a variety of output
		formats, hiding of .info files by default, and AmigaDOS
		pattern matching.  It is pure (residentable).  It is intended
		to outperform all other directory listers.  Includes the
		additional utilities ForEvery and Whichever.  Release 1.2,
		includes source.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

FixCLI		A tiny pure command which fixes problems with CLI's not
		created by other CLI processes.  A new CLI or Shell created
		by such programs as PopCLI or DMouse gets no path and no
		current directory.  FixCLI very quickly and efficiently gives
		a path to a CLI that does not have one (it looks for other
		processes that have valid paths) and sets the current
		directory as specified if none is already set.  Put it in
		your S:Shell-Startup script.  Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

MoveSYS		Reassigns SYS:, C:, S:, L:, LIBS:, DEVS:, and FONTS: to a new
		disk or directory in one step.  Can be used from CLI or
		Workbench; just click it and shift-double-click a disk or
		drawer icon.  More flexible and robust than some other
		programs written for the same purpose.  It's small and pure. 
		Second release (the one on disk 224 worked from CLI only).
		Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

RunBack		A very compact version of the popular utility for starting a
		CLI process in the background, without preventing the CLI
		window from closing.  This version is pure and only 468 bytes
		long.  Requires the NULL: device, which is included.  Using
		NULL: makes it more flexible and robust than older RunBacks. 
		Can optionally delay up to nine seconds after starting the
		command.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

Scrub		A floppy drive cleaning program which automatically detects
		which drive has a cleaner diskette in it.  Spins it for
		thirty seconds while moving the heads around.  Pure. 
		Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

Timer		The timer device made easy!  Example of how to create both
		synchronous and asynchronous waits.  Includes a sample C
		program, a detailed technical discussion, and modules that
		you can plug in to your C programs.
		Author:  Timm Martin

Tripppin	A Workbench game based on an out-of-print board game.  The
		object is a race in which each move you make restricts your
		opponent's choice of countermoves.  Features a computer
		opponent of adjustable toughness.  Includes source.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

Uedit-Stuff	A variety of configuration material for Uedit.  Includes
		stuff for remembering multiple chunks of deleted text,
		interfacing through Rexx with a terminal program, displaying
		matching '(' characters when you press ')', expanding
		abbreviations into phrases as you type, easily shifting lines
		and blocks of text left or right, improvements to several
		existing Uedit features, and more.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

V		A front-end for Commodore's More or some other text viewer
		that can be made resident.  Can be used from Workbench,
		greatly reducing disk loading time because V is much smaller
		than More, which need not be loaded if it is resident.  From
		CLI, causes More to create a new window, specified with an
		environment variable, rather than using the CLI window.  V is
		itself residentable.  Much improved since the version on
		disk 224, to which it is only distantly related.  Includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Paul Kienitz.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0430
---------------------

Lotto		Small lotto number selector with C source.
		Author:  Timm Martin

Pointer		Use the SID sleepy pointer in your programs.  Includes
		C source, a sample program, and modules that you can plug
		in to your C programs.
		Author:  Timm Martin

SculptTools	Programs to create objects for use in Sculpt 4D.  Includes
		Brush_4D to convert IFF brushes to objects in full color
		with HAM and EHB support and wrap to various shapes (update
		to version on disk 361), Fractal_4d to create fractal
		mountains with various coloring from brush, checkers or
		based on altitude, and Spiral_4d to create a variety of
		objects based around tubes and helixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bruce Thomson

SmartFields	SmartFields is a replacement for Intuition string gadgets.
		It allows you to incorporate into your Amiga C programs
		the powerful editing capabilities often found in mini-
		computers.  Includes full C source and documentation.
		Author:  Timm Martin.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0431
---------------------

A68Kex		Twelve examples demonstrating the use of Charlie Gibbs A68K
		assembler.  Over a quarter megabyte of assembly source code.
		Author:  E. Lenz

AdvTemplates	A collection of PD spreadsheet templates for business and
		law, originally intended for Lotus 123 on IBM PC's.  They
		have been transfered to the Amiga, loaded into Gold Disk's
		The Advantage, and saved as native Advantage files.
		Requires Advantage V1.1 or higher.
		Author:  Amiga port by Michal Todorovic

CheetSheet	A compilation of cheats, hints, backdoors, helpful bugs,
		passwords, codes, solves, and walkthroughs for over 150
		Amiga games.  January 1st, 1991 edition.
		Author:  Mark Shnayer

EZAsm		Combines parts of the "C" language with 68000 assembly,
		giving it the "feel" of a higher level language.  Supports
		all 1.3 functions.  Uses braces and "else" like "C".
		Resulting code is optimized as much as possible.  Takes
		source file you create and outputs a .asm file.  Includes
		example source and executable files.  Version 1.31, an
		update to version 1.3 on disk 421.  Binary only.
		Author:  Joe Siebenmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0432
---------------------

APalAsm		A Programmable Array Logic (PAL) program based on an old
		MMI Fortran IV program from the 'PAL Handbook' Second
		Edition and Third Edition by MMI.  This Version (1.00) is
		completely rewritten for Fortran 77.  The outputs produced
		are sent to separate files instead of the screen.  There
		are plenty of example PAL files to test, inspect, or just
		to learn what PAL's are all about.  The Fortran source is
		included with the instructions to compile using AC/Fortran
		version 2.3.
		Author:  Bob Metzler

Badger		Reminder program for your startup-sequence.  Badger will
		open a window and display any important events that are 
		'due'.  Badger will not bother you if there is nothing to
		report.  Events are entered via menu and prompts.  This
		is version 2.01e, an update to the version on disk 365,
		and includes many new features.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  George Kerber

Conquest	Lore of Conquest is a war game similar in concept to the
		board game Risk.  You are the lord of an entire world,
		destined to rule the galaxy.  Some worlds are virgin fruits,
		ready for you to colonize.  Some worlds have natives who do
		not wish to accept your rule, these you must conquer for
		they will yield more valuable resources.  As you claim the
		galaxy you will find, you are not the only one extending
		your dominion.  This is a two-player game, so be prepared
		to defend yourself and take what is yours!  Version 1.2,
		binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Michael Bryant

FifoDev		FIFO: is like PIPE: but is based on fifo.library rather
		than its own implementation.  Fifo.library is a general
		fifo library implementation that supports named fifos,
		writing to a fifo from a hardware exception, multiple
		readers on a fifo with each getting the same data stream,
		efficient reading, and automatic or manual flow control.
		Programs that require non-blocking IO can access one side
		of a FIFO: connection via the fifo.library instead of the
		FIFO: device.  Includes some source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Reader		A program to scan a word list to locate which words can
		be made from the letters given.  Allows matching of words
		by length and by giving the letters known, ie. m.t.h for
		the word MATCH.  Great for word games and crosswords.
		Results output to screen and a RAM: based file.  The word
		list is in ascii and so can be edited if desired.  New
		words can be added and it could be used for different
		languages if required.  Supplied with over 24,200 words
		(mostly English spellings).  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Gary Brittain

SBackup		Programmers utility to assist in maintaining old versions
		of source code.  SBackup maintains 2-99 old versions in
		any location desired.  Version 1.00e, binary only.
		Author:  George Kerber

TMonth		TMonth will execute any program the first time it's executed
		each month.  Very useful, for example, to execute the ATOM-
		CLOCK program to set your clock each month.  Version 1.0f,
		binary only.
		Author:  George Kerber

Whence		Whence will locate any program/file in your current path.
		Similar to the the UNIX whence command.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  George Kerber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0433
---------------------

DiskPrint	Prints labels for 3.5" disks, primarily for PD library
		disks.  Label data files can be loaded into memory so
		labels for special disks are available without having to
		type anything in or without having to wait for AmigaDOS
		to read in the full directory.  This is version 2.3.5,
		an update to version 2.3e on disk 411.  Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Jan Geissler

Gwin		GWIN or Graphics WINdow is an integrated collection of
		graphics routines callable from C.  These routines make it
		easy to create sophisticated graphics programs in the C
		environment.  One line calls give you a custom screen (ten
		types available), menu items, requestors, text, circles,
		polygons, etc.  GWIN is a two dimensional floating point
		graphics system with conversion between world and screen
		coordinates.  GWIN includes built in clipping that may be
		turned off for speed.  Use of color and XOR operations are
		greatly simplified.  Many examples of the use of GWIN are
		included in an examples directory, including a line/bar graph
		program, geographic mapping program, SPICE 2G.6 graphics post
		processor, and others.  Extensive documentation is included.
		This is version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 322,
		recompiled to be compatible with MANX Aztec C Release 5.
		Author:  Howard C. Anderson.

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed
		comparisons with other configurations, versions of the
		OS software, etc.  Version 1.98, an update to version 1.94
		on disk 420.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0434
---------------------

Backup		Backup and Restore allow you to backup any directory
		tree with optional compression, and later extract all
		or part of the tree.  The protection, date, and file
		comment are saved with each file.  This is version 2.06,
		an update to version 2.04 on disk 258.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

DynaCADD	Part 1 of a two part demo distribution of DynaCADD from
		Ditek International.  DynaCADD is a professional 2D and
		3D CAD package.  This demo is fully functional except
		for disabled save and export functions.  Requires a
		system with 68020/68030 and a 68881/68882 math processor.
		This disk contains all the files necessary to recreate
		the DynaCADD demo disk number 1.  The files for demo disk
		number 2 can be found on library disk number 435.  This
		is version 1.84, binary only.
		Author:  Ditek International

GMC		A console handler with command line editing and function
		key support.  GMC provides extended command line editing,
		function key assignment in four levels, extended command
		line history, online help for functions in the handler,
		and an iconify function.  Also includes an output buffer
		(dump to printer and window), filename completer, script
		function, undo function, prompt beeper, pathname in window
		title, close gadget for KS 2.0, etc.  This is version 9.8,
		an update to version 9.6 on disk 398.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Goetz Mueller

TypingTutor	A simple typing tutor program which measures your typing
		speed and adjusts the level of difficulty accordingly.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  William Jordan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0435
---------------------

DeluxeBeep	A little program that uses the exec SetFunction call to
		play a sound sample of your choice whenever a program
		calls the Intuition DisplayBeep routine.  Includes source
		and instructions on how to install your own sounds.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

DynaCADD	Part 2 of a two part demo distribution of DynaCADD from
		Ditek International.  DynaCADD is a professional 2D and
		3D CAD package.  This demo is fully functional except
		for disabled save and export functions.  Requires a
		system with 68020/68030 and a 68881/68882 math processor.
		This disk contains all the files necessary to recreate
		the DynaCADD demo disk number 2.  The files for demo disk
		number 1 can be found on library disk number 434.  This
		is version 1.84, binary only.
		Author:  Ditek International

Labeler		A label generation program for Epson compatible printers.
		Has both English and German versions.  This is version 3.0,
		binary only, shareware, source available from author.
		Author:  Siegfried Rings

CONTENTS OF DISK 0436
---------------------

AztecArp	An Arp interface package fixed to work with Aztec `C'
		version 5.0.  This is version 1.9, an update to the
		version on disk 376, and includes a number of bug fixes
		and a couple of new features (such as vsprintf/vfprintf/
		vprintf-like Arp routines and fixes for Kickstart 2.0).
		Includes source in `C' and assembly language.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

BatchRequester	A simple program which opens an Arp filerequester and
		writes the result to an environment variable.  Very useful
		if used in batchfiles.  Version 1.1, source code in Oberon.
		Author:  Christoph Teuber

Berserker	Detects and eliminates viruses.  Knows all `popular' viruses
		and their kin, including the new `Centurion' and `Traveling
		Jack' link viruses.  Comes with a resident handler which
		continually checks memory to prevent virus infection and a
		utility to fix programs corrupted by the `Centurion' and
		`Traveling Jack' viruses.  Version 5.02, an update to the
		version on disk 355.  Contains partial source in assembly.
		Author:  Ralf Thanner

Input		How to read keyboard input simply and quickly.  Includes
		C source, a sample program, technical discussion, and
		programming modules that you can "plug in" to your own C
		programs.  Includes source.
		Author:  Timm Martin.

KeyMacro	A keyboard macro program, configurable via a text file,
		that also supports hotkey program execution.  You can
		map up to eight functions to each key, including keys
		such as cursor keys, the return key, etc.  Version 1.8,
		an update to version 1.6 on disk 398.  Includes source.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

LhLib		A shared reentrant Amiga runtime library featuring highly
		optimized assembly language versions of the LhArc data
		compression / decompression routines.  Compresses faster
		and more efficiently than any other currently available
		implementation of the Lzhuf algorithm.  Two example appli-
		cations for data compression/decompression, an interface
		to the Amiga Oberon Compiler, and documentation how to use
		the library in your own programs are included.  This is
		version 1.8, binary only.
		Authors:  Holger P. Krekel and Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

MemGuard	A program similar to MemWatch, which continually checks
		the low memory vector table for random trashing.  Has
		been optimized and greatly enhanced to support the 68010,
		68020, 68030, etc. microprocessors.  Unlike MemWatch,
		MemGuard does not run as task in a dummy loop but rather
		as a low level interrupt routine which is capable of
		trapping memory trashing even before exec might know of
		it, and even while task switching is forbidden.  Version
		IV, an update to version IIIa on disk 354, binary only.
		Author:  Ralf Thanner

MMB		With MMB, users of 3 button mice under WB 2.0 can use the
		middle mouse button as a shift key to do multiple selects.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Garry Glendown

MT420d		Printer driver for the Mannesmann Tally MT420d.  Update to
		the old version on disk 164.  Includes a few bug-fixes.
		Author:  Sascha Wildner

Zoom		A fast and efficient floppy disk archiving utility based
		on the data compression / decompression algorithms used by
		lh.library.  Has an Intuition and a Shell interface, fully
		supports Kickstart 2.0, is able to add texts and notes to
		archived output files, knows 66 different bootblock viruses,
		includes a number of compression parameters (such as
		encryption of the output file) and a lot more. Version 3.10,
		binary only.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0437
---------------------

CLIwindow	CLIwindow allows you to manipulate the dimensions of a
		CLI window.  It can be moved, enlarged, or shrunk.  This
		is version 1.00.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

Flip		Very small program which replaces the left-Amiga-N and M
		commands with screen and window flipping commands.  It's
		an excellent example of how to use PC-relative addressing
		within input handlers.  Version 2.0, includes a technical
		discussion and source in C and assembly.
		Author:  Mike Monaco and Timm Martin.

FMouse		A mouse pointer accelerator, similar to Matt Dillon's
		DMouse.  Includes a screen blanker and "hot keys".  This
		is version 1.01.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

PatchCompiler	A program to generate patches using a Pascal like language
		to describe what needs to be patched.  This is version 1.0.
		Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

WaitAnyKey	A CLI command which will wait until the user presses any
		key.  Useful for batch files, to pause until any key is
		struck.  Version 1.00, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0438
---------------------

GadgetED	A program for creating and editing intuition gadgets.
		Includes a palette editor, generation of either C or
		assembly source, and binary saving for later loading
		and editing.  Version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

MenuC		A menu and gadget compiler.  Takes a simple ascii file
		describing menues and gadgets and creates the appropriate
		IntuiText structures needed to actually create working
		menues and gadgets, in either C or assembly source.  This
		is version 0.8, binary only.
		Author:  Bruce Mackey

ToolLib		A shared library containing 45 useful functions for all
		kinds of programs.  There are functions for ports, sorting,
		gadgets, memory, string, directory and file handling, etc.
		Version 7.6, includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0439
---------------------

AIBB		Amiga Intuition Based Benchmarks is a program designed to
		test various aspects of CPU performance using a full
		intuition interface.  Tests include "WritePixel", Sieve,
		Sort, Savage, Dhrystone, and Matrix.  Version 2.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  LaMonte Koop

Curses		A link library containing many of the terminal independant
		standard "curses" functions.   Designed primarily for
		those interested in porting UNIX screen based programs to
		the Amiga.  Version 1.22, an update to version 1.10 on
		disk 391.  Includes source and examples.
		Author:  Simon John Raybould

DeluxeChanger	Converts binary files to assembler, basic, or C source code
		data initialization statements.  It is useful to add
		graphics or sound samples to programs as initialized data.
		Version 1.0, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Andreas Ropke

HDClick		A program selector, typically installed in the startup
		sequence as the first command.  Has user defined gadgets,
		a configuration file, an iconify function, and works with
		both NTSC and PAL systems.  This is version 1.21, binary
		only.
		Author:  Claude Mueller

M2Utils		Various source modules for Benchmark Modula-2.  Includes
		ColorReq, an interface to the Dissidents color.library;
		IFFLib, an interface to Christian Webers iff.library; and
		ARP, an interface to ARP V1.3.
		Author:  Sascha Wildner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0440
---------------------

3DPlot		A 3D function plotting program that does hidden line, solid,
		or contour plots of equations of the form Z=F(X,Y).  You can
		scale the plot, set plot limits, change rotation, etc.  Can
		save and load the plots themselves, as well as the data.
		Version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Randy Finch

DMake		Matt's version of the UNIX make utility.  Features multiple
		dependancies, wildcard support, and more.  This is version
		1.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 246, but now includes
		source.
		Author:  Matt Dillion 

MegaD		Yet another disk utility program for the Amiga.  This one
		allows an unlimited number of directories to be accessed
		simultaneously.  Version 1.01, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  John L. Jones

CONTENTS OF DISK 0441
---------------------

Deksid		A disk and file hexadecimal editor.  Useful for editing
		binary files.  Version 1.10, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Christian Warren, Marc Dionne

DiskPrint	Prints labels for 3.5" disks, primarily for PD library
		disks.  Label data files can be loaded into memory so
		labels for special disks are available without having to
		type anything in or without having to wait for AmigaDOS
		to read in the full directory.  This is version 2.3.5b,
		an update to version 2.3.5 on disk 433, and fixes a
		minor problem with some printers.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jan Geissler

Dme		Version 1.42 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple 
		WYSIWYG editor designed for programmers.  It is not a
		WYSIWYG word processor in the traditional sense.  Features
		include arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line
		statistics multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.
		Update to version 1.38 on disk number 284, includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0442
---------------------

ToolManager	With ToolManager you can add your own programs to the
		tools menu of the 2.0 Workbench.  Requires Workbench
		2.0.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan B.

UUCP		An implementation of uucp for the Amiga, including mail
		and news.  This is Matt's version for the Amiga, based
		on William Loftus's Amiga UUCP 0.40 release with news
		code from his 0.60 release, and months of work by Matt to
		make fixes and add enhancements.  This is version 1.08D,
		an update to version 1.06D on disk 360, and consists of
		three parts.  Parts 1 and 2 are on this disk, and part 3
		is on disk 443.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, major enhancements by Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0443
---------------------

DICE		Dillon's Integrated C Enviroment.  A C frontend, pre-
		processor, C compiler, assembler, linker, and support
		libraries.  Features include ANSI compatibility, many
		code optimizations, and autoinit routines (user routines
		called during startup before main is called).  This is
		version 2.06.14, an update to version 2.02 on disk 359.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthew Dillon

UUCP		An implementation of uucp for the Amiga, including mail
		and news.  This is Matt's version for the Amiga, based
		on William Loftus's Amiga UUCP 0.40 release with news
		code from his 0.60 release, and months of work by Matt to
		make fixes and add enhancements.  This is version 1.08D,
		an update to version 1.06D on disk 360, and consists of
		three parts.  Parts 1 and 2 are on disk 442, and part 3
		is on this disk.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, major enhancements by Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0444
---------------------

ChinaChallenge	A game similar to Shanghai or Mahjong.  The goal is to
		remove all parts of the pile, the so called Dragon, step
		by step.  This dragon is composed of 120 different game
		pieces.  You can always find four pieces displaying the
		same picture or chinese symbols.  This is version II,
		an update to the version on disk 312.  Changes include
		some bug fixes, unlimited undo, saving and loading of
		games, background music, title screen, etc.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Hoffmann

EliteBBS	An online message and file handling system.  Features
		include a message base, private mail, file library,
		support for xmodem, ymodem, and zmodem, fully buffered
		serial I/O routines for top speed, time limits, and
		more.  Version V.31, binary only.
		Author:  Nick Smith

MissileCmd	A fast Missile Command game written in assembly.  Features
		include using a hires interlaced screen, time based events
		for correct operation on any speed Amiga, multitasking
		friendly, and sound effects.  Binary only.
		Author:  Max Bithead

RegExpLib	Shared library that implements regular expression pattern
		matching.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Moehle

UltraF-4	Demo version of a super graphic based floppy format program
		that can format four floppy disks at the same time and even
		format disks that other programs give up on.  Binary only.
		Author:  Terry Bullard and Signa Bullard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0445
---------------------

MWTape		A tape handler which uses scsi.device to implement serial
		access to typical streaming tape devices.  Includes source.
		Author:  Markus Wandel

OptMouse	A program which allows you to use a Mouse Systems M3 serial
		mouse on the Amiga and instructions which allow a serial
		mouse to be modified to plug directly into the Amiga mouse
		port.  Useful as an example of how to "fake" mouse movements
		and may be of use in writing drivers for digitizers, light
		pens, and the like.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ed Hanway

Tar		A port of a UNIX tar clone that can work with the TAPE:
		handler (also on this disk) to read and write UNIX tar
		compatible tapes.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Gilmore, FSF, Jonathan Hue, et. al.

TurboText	An almost fully operational demonstration copy of a new
		sophisticated text editor for the Amiga.  Features many
		unique capabilities including an impressive ARexx interface
		with over 140 commands available, full outlining abilities,
		clipboard support, complete reconfigurability, recorded
		macros, programmer's calculator, emulations of many popular
		text editors, and much more.  This demo version does not
		allow saving or printing of documents and limits the size
		of cut and paste operations.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Taillefer

UUCP		A bug fix for UUCP 1.08 released on disks 442 and 443, which
		had already been finalized at the time this fix reached me so
		could not be included there.  Fixes a serious bug in uucico.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0446
---------------------

CanonBJ		A printer driver for the Canon BJ series of printers.
		Faster and supports more graphic and text modes than
		the standard Commodore driver.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Wolf Faust

GamePort	A toolkit with link time and shared libraries that allow
		easy access to the GamePort device.  Includes examples
		and test programs.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Paris Bingham

Input		A toolkit with link time and shared libraries that allow
		easy access to the Input device.  Includes examples
		and test programs.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Paris Bingham

PointerLib	A disk based shared library which provides programmers
		with easy access to custom pointers and a consistent
		user selected busy pointer.  Includes source.
		Author:  Luke Wood

Post		An excellent PostScript interpreter for the Amiga which
		implements the full Adobe language.  Supports type 1 and
		type 3 fonts, screen output, file output, and printer
		output.  Requires Arp library V39+ and ConMan V1.3+.  This
		is version 1.4, an update to version 1.3 on disk 408.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Adrian Aylward

CONTENTS OF DISK 0447
---------------------

AmiBack		Demo version of a new backup utility.  Features include
		backup to any AmigaDOS compatible device (such as floppies,
		removable hard disks, fixed media hard disk, and tape
		drives), no copy protection, configuration files, complete
		backups, incremental backups, selective backups, file
		exclusion filter, setting of archive bit, etc.  Demo version
		does not have restore, compare, or scheduler.  Version 1.0,
		binary only, requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Author:  MoonLighter Software

BackPac		Demo version of a new backup program.  Features include
		intuition interface, data compression, 907K written per
		floppy, full and incremental backups, full or selected
		restores, inclusion/exclusion patterns, user defined config
		files, multitasking friendly.  Version 1.3, binary only.
		Author:  Canadian Prototype Replicas

DFC		Disk Format and Copy program.  A nice, general purpose,
		disk formatter and copier.  This is version 5, an update
		to the version on disk 131.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tom Rokicki and Sebastiano Vigna

FlashBack	Demo version of a new backup utility.  Fully functional
		version except for the restore operation.  Features include
		backup of multiple partitions in one pass, backup of non-
		AmigaDOS partitions, backup to a file, automated unattended
		backups, pattern matching, and streaming tape support.
		Version 2.05, binary only.
		Author:  Leon Frenkel, Advanced Storage Systems

SMan		A Mandelbrot generation program.  Uses the mouse to select
		regions within borders of the Mandelbrot set to zoom up
		to magnifications of 10**19.  Includes math coprocessor
		support and options to save images as an IFF file.  Shows
		example of assembly programming of extended precision for
		the 68881.  Includes source.
		Author:  David McKinstry

TCL		Port of Tool Command Language, a simple textual language
		intended primarily for issuing commands to interactive
		programs such as text editors, debuggers, illustrators,
		shells, etc.  It has a simple syntax and is programmable
		so TCL users can write command procedures to provide more
		powerful commands than those in the built in set.
		Alpha 2 version, binary only.
		Author:  Dr. John Ousterhout, Amiga port by Hackercorp

CONTENTS OF DISK 0448
---------------------

AmigaPet	Another cute screen hack.  Version 2.52b, binary only,
		source available from author.
		Author:  Patrick Evans

FifoDev		FIFO: is like PIPE: but is based on fifo.library rather
		than its own implementation.  Fifo.library is a general
		fifo library implementation that supports named fifos,
		writing to a fifo from a hardware exception, multiple
		readers on a fifo with each getting the same data stream,
		efficient reading, and automatic or manual flow control.
		Programs that require non-blocking IO can access one side
		of a FIFO: connection via the fifo.library instead of the
		FIFO: device.  Version 2, an update to version on disk 432.
		Includes some source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

Mkid		A program identifier database package that provides a logical
		extension to "ctags".  The ID facility stores the locations
		for all uses of identifers, preprocessor names, and numbers
		(in decimal, octal, or hex).  Includes source.
		Author:  Greg McGary, Amiga port by Randell Jesup

NightMare	A handy little program that uses "shock" techniques to scare
		people.  Fun to watch while someone else is using your
		computer.  Version 1.0, binary only, source available from
		author.
		Author:  Patrick Evans

OnTime		Holds up a task until a given time and then releases it to
		run.  Version 1.0a, binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Patrick Evans

PicToANSI	Converts a one bit plane 320x200 IFF picture to a file that
		displays the picture on any ANSI compatible terminal.
		Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Patrick Evans

SolitaireX	A solitaire game.  Features include all possible moves shown
		with a pulsing green box around the card, reshuffle, unlimited
		undo, and tournament mode.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Orr, Gregory M. Stelmack

ST2Amiga	A program to convert Atari ST format relocatable executables
		to Amiga format relocatable executables, for subsequent
		loading into the ReSource disassembler and conversion to
		Amiga.  ST2Amiga should also compile and run on an ST.
		Version 1.1, includes C source.
		Author:  David Campbell

Swish		A small simple screen hack that pushes the screen around
		using the view port, and simulates a floating motion.
		Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Patrick Evans

CONTENTS OF DISK 0449
---------------------

Globulus	Demo version of a new arcade game that is reminiscent of
		the old Q-bert game.  You control a cute little character
		and hop him around pathways in a diagonal kind of world,
		while trying to avoid bad things and catch good things.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Innerprise

Handshake	A full featured VT52/VT100/VT102/VT220 terminal emulator.
		The author has taken great pains to support the full VT102
		spec.  Supports ANSI colors, screen capture, XPR external
		protocols, user selectable fonts, ARexx, and more.  This is
		version 2.20c, an update to version 2.12a on disk number
		172.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Eric Haberfellner

Iff2Ansi	Turns any two-color low-res IFF picture into ANSI text that
		can be displayed on any ANSI compatible terminal.  This is
		version 0.1, includes source in assembly.
		Author: Carnivore/BeerMacht

Shazam		A picture viewer for Dynamic HiRes images created with
		Macro Paint, the 4096 color high resolution paint program
		from Lake Forest Logic.  Version 1.1, includes two sample
		Dynamic HiRes images and source for display program.
		Author:  Lake Forest Logic

WonderSound	Wondersound is an additive harmonic instrument design
		tool with a separate envelope design window and 16
		relative harmonic strength and phase angle controls.
		Version 1.7, an update to version 1.6 on disk 428.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jeffrey Harrington

CONTENTS OF DISK 0450
---------------------

AmyVsWalker	Another cute animation from Eric Schwartz.  This one has
		Amy the Squirrel attempting to take a wrench to the a
		"Walker" from "The Empire Strikes Back".
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

MinRexx		A simple ARexx interface which can be easily patched into
		almost any program.  Includes as an example the freedraw
		program from disk number 1.  This is version 0.4, an
		update to the version on disk 188.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

Tabu		Quarter inch cartridge (QIC) tape backup utility.  Works
		with Microbotics HardFrame.  May work with other controllers
		as well (untested).  Includes source.
		Author:  Roy C. Sigsbey

UUCP		A bug fix for UUCP 1.08 released on disks 442 and 443, which
		had already been finalized at the time this fix reached me
		so could not be included there.  Includes a new getty and
		some bug fixes.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0451
---------------------

'Liner          A shareware outliner whose function is to create outlines
		for notes or export to other programs.  'Liner can save
		an outline as ASCII text and is clipboard compatible.
		This version utilizes a number of AmigaOS 2.0 features and
		thus requires 2.0.  Support for the new ECS Denise display
		modes is also included.  Version 2.11, an upgrade to
		version 2.00 on disk 394.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Convert		Converts 39 different image formats into CBM standard
		24 bit IFF files for display on devices such as Black
		Belt Systems HAM-E product.  Version 1.6, binary only.
		Author:  Pete Patterson and Ben Williams

ProDrivers	AmigaDOS 1.3 printer drivers for the IBM 4201 and 4202 
		series of printers.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  David White

RCS		The Revision Control System (RCS) manages multiple
		revisions of text files. RCS automates the storing,
		retrieval, logging, identification, and merging of
		revisions. RCS is useful for text that is revised
		frequently, for example programs, documentation,
		graphics, papers, form letters, etc.  This is an update
		to RCS version 1.2 on disks 281 and 282, and includes
		only the files that have changed.
		Author:  Walter Tichy.  Amiga port by Raymond Brand
			 and Rick Schaeffer.

RRamDisk	Another recoverable ram disk.  This one supports up to 32
		units and can be autobooted.  Unused sectors are deleted
		from memory.  The ram disk can be formatted, copied to, or
		used just like a normal disk drive.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bob Dayley

SnoopDos	A utility for monitoring AmigaDOS calls.  In particular,
		it allows you to see what libraries, devices, fonts,
		environment variables or startup files a program is
		looking for.  Very useful when you're trying to install
		a new application.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.0
		on disk 388.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

CONTENTS OF DISK 0452
---------------------

Budget		A program to help with managing personal finances.
		Version 1.302, an update to version 1.301 on disk 416.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Le Lay Serge Camille

FLODemo		Floorplan Construction Set demo.  Fully functional except
		the Save IFF function is disabled and 15 pages of clip
		rooms have been replaced by a single sample page.  This
		is version 1.48, binary only.
		Author:  Jim Hennessey, Gramma Software

ImageLab	A program which performs image processing on IFF pictures.
		Includes standard image processing functions such as
		convolution, averaging, smoothing, enhancement, histograms,
		FFT's, etc.  Also includes file conversion functions,
		a clipboard, and other useful functions.  Version 2.4,
		an update to version 2.2 on disk 243, includes bug fixes,
		PAL support, overscanned and super-bitmap image support,
		improved paint operation, better area selection, HAM
		histograms, and FFTs.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gary Milliorn

MandelPAUG	A version of MandFXP with complete online help, a fully
		implemented Mandelbrot and Julia set "movie mode", and
		many improvements in the user interface.  Version 2.1,
		binary only, source available.
		Author:  Bruce Dawson, Steve Larocque, Jerry Hedden

CONTENTS OF DISK 0453
---------------------

AmigaTration	A "Concentration" like game for the Amiga, where you must
		locate matching tiles on a grid that can range from 4x4
		(easy) to 12x12 (difficult).  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gabe Dalbec

Lemmings	Demo version of an enchanting new game from Psygnosis.
		The lemmings are cute little guys you have to guide across
		the screen from one level to the next, over and under and
		around various obstacles, by using your mouse and changing
		each lemming's characteristics to get them to perform
		various useful tasks such as building bridges or digging
		through obstacles.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dave Jones, Gary Timmons, Scott Johnston, and
			 Brian Johnston

ProjMot		A Projectile Motion plotter.  Plots the path of a projectile
		fired with a variable initial velocity and angle. Display
		can be scaled, and time can be accelerated.  The program
		returns the distance traveled and the time it took.  This is
		version 1.01, includes source.
		Author:  Chris Hopps

Quick		A utility program specifically targeted at hard drive users
		to eliminate the frustration of launching programs on the
		Amiga.  It eliminates the need to open Workbench windows
		and/or remember and type in long pathnames to executables.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Greg Gorby

CONTENTS OF DISK 0454
---------------------

Decigel		A software fix for programs that use instructions which
		are priviledged on the 68010/020/030.  Update to the
		version on disk 18.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Byrce Nesbitt

Enforcer	Enforcer uses the MMU to build a shroud of protection
		over anything that is not legal memory.  Any empty holes
		in the address space are marked as illegal.  Reads of
		the system ROMs are allowed, but not writes.  With the
		exception of longword reads of location 4, the lowest
		1K of memory is completely protected.  When an illegal
		access is detected, the power LED will flash and a
		detailed message will be sent out the serial port.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

Redaktu		A PostScript program which runs on PixelScript to edit
		other PostScript programs.  Several examples and a
		detailed explanation are included.
		Author:  John Starling

StillStore	A program designed for freelance, corporate, and broadcast
		television.  It loads and displays IFF images of any
		resolution interchangeably from a list file or as inputted
		directly (I.E. random access).  The user may easily skip
		forward or backward one or more pictures in the list.  A
		"generic" display is always just a few seconds away.  The
		program can be used "on air" with no concern that a pull
		down menu will suddenly appear in the viewable area.  It
		also provides for a precise cue for changing windows or
		screens.  While the main purpose is to load "news windows"
		of 1/4 screen size, StillStore can also handle full-sized
		and overscanned images.  Also includes slide show modes and
		a screen positioning feature.  Stillstore is written in the
		Director language from the Right Answers Group. This is
		version 1.2.1, an update to version 1.2 on disk 317.  Binary
		only, source available from authors.
		Author:  R. J. (Dick) Bourne and Richard Murray

Vortex		A universal accented character converter for Amiga, IBM-PC,
		MacIntosh, and C64 files written in most west european
		languages (Danish, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Islandic,
		Norwegian, Spanish, Swedish, and more.  Works with either
		ASCII or Word Perfect files.  Version 1.5, includes source.
		Author:  Michel Laliberte

CONTENTS OF DISK 0455
---------------------

AngusCopy	A disk copy program with intuition user interface.
		Version 2.0, shareware, includes source in Modula II.
		Author:  Andreas Gunser

ConvMacF	Converts MacIntosh type 1 Adobe fonts to a format usable on
		the Amiga.  Reads a compressed MacIntosh format Adobe font
		file and unpacks it to an ASCII text file, which permits
		sending the font to a printer as a PostScript program.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Unknown, Amiga port by Joe Pearce

MemMon		A small memory monitor.  Version II, shareware, includes
		source in Modula II.
		Author:  Andreas Gunser

Vlt		VLT is both a VT100 emulator and a Tektronix (4014 plus
		subset of 4105) emulator, currently in use at SLAC
		(Stanford Linear Accelerator Center).  Although the VT100
		part was originally based on Dave Wecker et al.'s VT100,
		many enhancements were made.  Features include use of ARP,
		an ARexx port, XMODEM 1K/CRC and Kermit protocols, support
		for additional serial ports, external file transfer protocols
		(XPR), a "chat" mode, and scrollback/review/history buffer.
		It comes in two versions, one with Tektronix emulation, and
		one without.  The Tektronix emulation allows saving IFF files,
		PostScript files, and printing bitmaps to the printer.  This
		is version 5.034, an update to version 4.846 on disk 410.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0456
---------------------

CheatSheet	A compilation of cheats, hints, backdoors, helpful bugs,
		passwords, codes, solves, and walkthroughs for over 150
		Amiga games.  February 1st, 1991 edition, an update to
		January 1st edition on disk 431.
		Author:  Mark Shnayer

CManual		Parts 1 and 2 of a complete C manual for the Amiga which
		describes how to open and work with Screens, Windows,
		Graphics, Gadgets, Requesters, Alerts, Menus, IDCMP,
		Sprites, VSprites, AmigaDOS, Low Level Graphics Routines,
		Hints and Tips, etc.  The manual also explains how to use
		your C Compiler and gives you important information about
		how the Amiga works and how your programs should be designed.
		The manual consists of 15 chapters together with more than
		100 fully executable examples with source code.  When
		unpacked, the manual and examples nearly fill up four
		standard Amiga floppies.  This is version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 337.  Because of its size, it is
		distributed on two library disks, parts 1 and 2 on disk 456
		and parts 3 and 4 on disk 457.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0457
---------------------

CManual		Parts 3 and 4 of a complete C manual for the Amiga which
		describes how to open and work with Screens, Windows,
		Graphics, Gadgets, Requesters, Alerts, Menus, IDCMP,
		Sprites, VSprites, AmigaDOS, Low Level Graphics Routines,
		Hints and Tips, etc.  The manual also explains how to use
		your C Compiler and gives you important information about
		how the Amiga works and how your programs should be designed.
		The manual consists of 15 chapters together with more than
		100 fully executable examples with source code.  When
		unpacked, the manual and examples nearly fill up four
		standard Amiga floppies.  This is version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 337.  Because of its size, it is
		distributed on two library disks, parts 1 and 2 on disk 456
		and parts 3 and 4 on disk 457.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

Line		A shell written to enhance the bare-bones CLI with features
		that many people find useful in the UNIX csh, including
		history, aliases, a directory stack, etc.  Version 1.15,
		includes source.
		Author:  John D. Aycock

QuickReq        An "Ask utility" to replace the "ask" command from AmigaDOS.
		QuickReq can load arguments from files thus making it
		possible to handle long questions and texts.  Also supports
		optional line breaks in BodyText, an option to center text
		to window, DisplayBeep when requester is activated, setting
		your own FrontPen number, specifying requesters width and
		height and all kinds of overscan displays.  First public
		release.  Version 2.0, includes source.
                Author:  Markus Aalto

CONTENTS OF DISK 0458
---------------------

ATCopy		A program to copy files from the Amiga side of a system
		equipped with a PC/AT bridgeboard, to the PC side, using
		wildcards.  Copies directly through the shared memory.
		Supports CLI and WorkBench usage.  This is version 2.2,
		an update to version 2.1 on disk 429.  New features
		include much faster copying and selection of all options
		using WorkBench.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Vorwerk

Csh		Version 4.02a of a csh like shell derived from Matt Dillon's
		shell, version 2.07.  This is an update to version 4.01a on
		disk 331.  Changes include bug fixes, preservation of file
		protection bits by cp, some new commands, and reformatted
		documentation.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Steve Drew, Carlo Borreo, Cesare Dieni

GIFMachine	A program that will convert CompuServe GIF image files
		into IFF SHAM and 24bit ILBMs.  It offers a number of
		extra options like dithering, horizontal and vertical
		flip, as well as automatic border removal.  Requires
		KickStart version 2.0 or greater to run.  This is version
		2.116, an update to version 2.104 on disk 405.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

TeXify		A package of ARexx scripts, for CygnusEd users, which
		allows total control of AmigaTex from within CED.  This
		is version 1.10e, binary only.
		Author:  Wolf Faust

CONTENTS OF DISK 0459
---------------------

AmiDock		An Amiga version of the NeXT's "dock", but more versatile
		and not as limited.  Provides you with a number of buttons
		on the WorkBench screen that, when pressed, will launch
		other programs.  These buttons are fully configurable to
		run any program you want.  Version 1.2.4, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Knight

Conquest	Lore of Conquest is a war game similar in concept to the
		board game Risk.  You are the lord of an entire world,
		destined to rule the galaxy.  Some worlds are virgin fruits,
		ready for you to colonize.  Some worlds have natives who do
		not wish to accept your rule, these you must conquer for
		they will yield more valuable resources.  As you claim the
		galaxy you will find, you are not the only one extending
		your dominion.  This is a two-player game, so be prepared
		to defend yourself and take what is yours!  Version 1.3, an
		update to version 1.2 on disk 432.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Michael Bryant

Rxgen		An ARexx library that allows you to call any function of
		almost any Amiga library from an ARexx program.  This is
		version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Francois Rouaix

XprZmodem	An Amiga shared library which provides ZModem file
		transfer capability to any XPR-compatible communications
		program.  This is version 2.10, an update to version 2.0
		on disk 261.  Includes source.
		Author:  Rick Huebner

Zoom		A fast and efficient floppy disk archiving utility based
		on the data compression / decompression algorithms used by
		lh.library.  Has an Intuition and a Shell interface, fully
		supports Kickstart 2.0, is able to add texts and notes to
		archived output files, knows 66 different bootblock viruses,
		includes a number of compression parameters (such as
		encryption of the output file) and a lot more.  Version 4.1,
		an update to version 3.10 on disk 436. Binary only.
		Author:  Olaf 'Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0460
---------------------

JMenu		This program allows an AmigaDOS script to display a menu,
		wait for the user to make a selection either with the mouse
		or the keyboard, and return the selection back to the script
		through an environment variable.  It can also immediately
		execute any valid AmigaDOS command based upon the menu
		selection.  The maximum size of the menu is based on the
		screen resolution and font size, up to a maximum of 26
		selections of a maximum of 80 characters each and an optional
		title area of up to 4 lines.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  James Collins

NetHack		A screen oriented fantasy game where your goal is to grab as
		much treasure as you can, retrieve the Amulet of Yendor, and
		escape the Mazes of Menace alive.  On the screen is a map
		of where you have been and what you have seen on the current
		dungeon level.  As you explore more of the level, it appears
		on the screen in front of you.  Nethack generates a new
		dungeon every time it is played, thus even veteran players
		will continue to find it entertaining and exciting.  This
		is version 3.0, patch level 10, an update to version 2.3 on
		disks 189 and 190.  Binary only, source available.
		Author:  Various, see documentation.

ShadowMaker	Demo version of an Intuition based Font shadow generator.
		In seconds you can convert your favorite fonts into color
		fonts with professional video shadows built right in.
		The only restriction for this demo is that the final font
		height at SAVE times must be less than 40 pixels in height.
		Version 1.5, an update to version on disk 428.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stephen Lebans

CONTENTS OF DISK 0461
---------------------

DFrags		Disk Fragmentation reporting utility.  Displays disk
		fragmentation for both floppy and hard disk devices.
		Does not attempt to change any data, just gives a report.
		Version 2.02, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Custom Services

DiskPrint	Prints labels for 3.5" disks, primarily for PD library
		disks.  Label data files can be loaded into memory so
		labels for most PD disks are available after a few mouse-
		clicks.  Features include three different label sizes,
		default file, different label library functions, Amiga-
		LibDisk contents read-in and easy handling.  This is
		version 2.7.2, an update to version 2.3.5b on disk 441.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jan Geissler

Logic		A small game that is somewhat reminiscent of "life".
		Version 2.0, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Thomas Jansen

MandAnim	A Mandelbrot Animation program that allows you to easily
		generate series of lo-res/16-color pictures.  Features
		full mouse and/or keyboard operation, zooms, auto-save,
		high (+cheat) speed, iconization, preview, ease, etc.
		The generated pictures all remember their positions and
		settings so they can be reloaded.  This is version 1.2,
		an update to version 1.1 on disk 387.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul.

NewList		A powerful LIST replacement.  Supports many features
		including sorts, character filters, case sensativity,
		most options offered by LIST, date construction,
		UNIX wildcards, and much more.  Sort routines are VERY
		fast and memory usage is minimal.  Version 4.5, binary
		only.
		Author:  Phil Dietz

SBall		A game using the joystick to control a "bouncing ball".
		Binary only.
		Author:  Hertzig Wolfgang and Meisner Christian

TDraw		An easy to use Window Title Bar Pattern Editor for use
		with TBar.  Load, save, test, and edit patterns.  Saves
		script files that can be executed later to change window
		patterns at anytime (like on boot-up).  Includes TRand,
		a utility to pick a random TBar file so your WorkBench
		will look different each time you reboot.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Phil Dietz

Tron		Another game based on the lightcycle race sequence in the
		science fiction computer film "Tron".  This is version 1.0,
		unrelated to other Tron releases in the library.  Includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Thomas Jansen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0462
---------------------

CacheDisk	Improves floppy disk throughput by caching entire tracks of
		data.  Buffers disk reads and writes for maximum speed gain
		and has a user setable number of buffers for each drive.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Terry Fisher

DisTerm		The dissidents telecommunication program.  Has built in
		phone directory requester, autodial, various file transfer
		protocols, ascii send and capture, full/half duplex, split
		window, color requester, macro keys, selectable baud, CR/LF
		expansion, automatically configured per phone entry.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

Humartia	An arcade game where each player controls a jet and must
		destroy the opponents jet, which is accomplished when a
		jet has been hit 75 by either missiles or air mines.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jason Bauer

SeaLance	Game based on a Trident submarine simulator.  You must use
		the weapons at your disposal to liberate the earth's cities
		from alien occupation.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jason Bauer

Up&Down		The object of this game is to get four of your chips in a
		row (across, down, or diagonally) without letting your
		opponent get his chips in a row first.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jason Bauer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0463
---------------------

ExecRexx	A program that turns an ARexx script into an executable
		which can be run from WorkBench or the CLI.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

FileIO		A file requester library based upon an example by R.J. Mical.
		Has numerous features, including uses other than disk I/O.
		Version 1.C, update to version 1.9 on disk 393.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt, Jim Fiore, R.J. Mical

ILBM		The ilbm reader/writer library 0.5 and examples.  Also can
		be used for non-ILBM files.  100% compatible with original
		Electronic Arts code.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

LibTool		A utility that can quickly convert C or assembly code into
		an Amiga shared library.  Also makes all support files
		including C and assembly include files, bmap files, Manx and
		Lattice pragmas, C glue stubs.  Can also make a device.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

PrintSpool	A shared library to easily add text or graphics print
		spooling to any C or assembly program.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

RexxIntuition	An ARexx function library which allows ARexx scripts to open
		windows/screens, add menus, add proportional, boolean, and
		string gadgets, use requesters, load/save ILBM pictures, use
		a color requester, print text in various colors, sizes, and
		styles, draw colored lines and boxes, print text or graphics,
		etc.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

RexxLib		A shared library that can be used to easily add an ARexx
		implementation to any program in a memory efficient manner.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Glatt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0464
---------------------

Cross		A program that creates crossword puzzles.  Has a message
		data file to allow easy translation into almost any human
		language, with English and German currently supported.
		This is version 3.3, includes source in M2Amiga Modula-2.
		Author:  Jurgen Weinelt

FileWindow	A completely public domain file requester which may be used
		in any program, even commercial ones.  It uses dynamically
		allocated memory to hold the file names so the only limitation
		is the amount of memory available.  Includes a filter option
		to limit display of filenames to only ones with a specific
		extension.  Names are automatically sorted while they are
		being read and displayed.  This version has been enhanced
		by Bernd Schied for more device gadgets, renaming of files
		and directories, ANSI-C source, and more.  Update to version
		1.10 on disk 336.  Includes source.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin, Bernd Schied

PictureEditor	An "object-oriented" paint program that allows you to
		create, modify, load, and save hierarchical structured
		picture objects.  Version 1.12, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans W. Stremlau

Scan		CLI utility to display the individual character contents 
		of any file.  Displays the ASCII and Hex values, count and
		percentage of total along with actual character (if 
		displayable).  Listing is displayed on a console window or
		optionally written to an output file.  Possible uses would
		be to scan files for binary characters, relative character
		counts, matching numbers of special characters, determining
		LF/CR configurations, etc.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Dan Fish, console routine by Jim Cooper

CONTENTS OF DISK 0465
---------------------

FCS		Prerelease version of an iterated Fractal Construction
		Set program, used to generate iterated fractal images
		such as Sierpinski's triangle, ferns, etc.  This is
		version 0.99, binary only.
		Author:  Garth Thornton

Lz		An lharc compatible archiver that is reported to be much
		faster than other available archivers and produce smaller
		archives.  Version 1.01, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Forbes

MRBackUp	A hard disk backup utility that does a file by file copy
		to standard AmigaDOS floppy disks.  Includes an intuition
		interface and file compression.  Version 5.02a, an update
		to version 3.4 on disk 327.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mark Rinfret

TextPlus	A word processor for the Amiga, with both German and 
		English versions.  TextPlus enables you to write letters,
		books, programs etc. in a very easy and comfortable way.
		This is version 2.2E, the same as on disk 375.  However,
		this release includes the source (the description on
		disk 375 claims the source is included but it was not).
		Author:  Martin Steppler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0466
---------------------

DICE		Dillon's Integrated C Enviroment.  A C frontend, pre-
		processor, C compiler, assembler, linker, and support
		libraries.  Features include ANSI compatibility, many
		code optimizations, and autoinit routines (user routines
		called during startup before main is called).  This is
		version 2.06.15 (2.06B), an update to version 2.06.14 on
		disk 443.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthew Dillon

HamLabDemo	Demo version of an expandable image format conversion
		utility.  Converts GIF, TIFF, PBMPLUS, Spectrum 512, MTV,
		QRT, and Sun images into HAM and SHAM.  Images can be
		scaled, dithered, color corrected, and cropped.  This
		demo version is limited to processing images of 512 by
		512 pixels or less.  Version 1.1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  J. Edward Hanway

Mosaic		Mosaic is a game played with a set of 81 two-by-two tiles
		on a 24-by-24 playing area.  The objective of the game is
		to place your tiles such that squares of the same pattern
		are connected as much as possible.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Kirk Johnson and Loren J. Rittle

StopWatch	A stop watch application with the precision of one milli-
		second (variable), which scans the joystick button.  Full
		multitasking capability and intuition interfacing, ARexx
		port for parameter and result handling, and supports all
		non-proportional WorkBench fonts.  Written in Modula 2 and
		assembly language.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Christian Danner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0467
---------------------

Multiplot	An intuitive data plotting program featuring flexible input
		options, arbitrary text addition, automatic scaling, zoom
		and slide with clipping at boundaries, a range of output
		file formats and publication quality printed output.
		Workbench printers are supported via transparent use of
		the PLT: device.  This is version XLNd, an update to version
		XLNc on disk 373. Includes bug fixes, many new features,
		postscript and HP LaserJet III support, logarithmic axes.
		Author:  Alan Baxter, Tim Mooney, Rich Champeaux, Jim Miller

PowerSnap	A utility that allows you to use the mouse to mark characters
		anywhere on the screen, and then paste them somewhere else,
		such as in another CLI or in a string gadget.  Checks what
		font is used in the window you snap from and will look for
		the position of the characters automatically.  Recognizes all
		non proportional fonts of up to 24 pixels wide and of any
		height.  Works with AmigaDOS 2.0 in both shell and WorkBench
		environments.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0468
---------------------

Post		An excellent PostScript interpreter for the Amiga which
		implements the full Adobe language.  Supports type 1 and
		type 3 fonts, screen output, file output, and printer
		output.  Requires Arp library V39+ and ConMan V1.3+.  This
		is version 1.5, an update to version 1.4 on disk 446.
		Changes include better type 1 font rendering and some bug
		fixes.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Adrian Aylward

Vlt		Vlt version 5.045, a partial update to version 5.034 on
		disk 455.  Includes new executables with and without
		Tektronix emulation, and a new xprascii library.  You
		still need the files from disk 455 to make a complete
		distribution.  Binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0469
---------------------

AirAce		A fast paced WWI biplane shoot'em up game built using
		Accolade's Shoot'Em Up Construction Kit.  Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Grace

FastLife	A fast life program featuring an intuition interface, four
		screen sizes, 19 generations/second, and 153 patterns in
		text file format.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Ron Charlton

Triangle	A game like chinese checkers, consisting of fourteen pegs
		and one empty hole in a triangular formation.  The object
		of the game is to leave one peg in the original empty hole
		or have eight pegs on the board and no possible moves.
		Version 1.1, includes source in BASIC.
		Author:  Russell Mason

WordPuzzle	The object of this game is to find a word in a puzzle
		arrangement.  There are three different variations of the
		game.  Version 1.1, includes source in BASIC.
		Author:  Russell Mason

CONTENTS OF DISK 0470
---------------------

BCF		FORTRAN-77 compiler, linker, and runtime support library.
		No Amiga specific hooks, just vanilla FORTRAN.  ANSI
		compatible with extensions.  Version 1.3c, binary only.
		Author:  Andre Kostli

KeyMenu		An alternative to Intuition's method of menu selection via
		the keyboard.  Uses one key to activate the menu for the
		currently active window, the cursor keys to move through
		the menu as you choose, and the return key to select the
		desired menu item or escape key to abort selection.  Works
		with AmigaDOS 2.0 mouse accelerator and has option to blank
		Intuition's pointer.  Version 1.03, includes assembly source.
		Author:  Ken Lowther

TripleYachtZ	An implementation and variation of the game "Yacht".  Plays
		both Single (the standard game) and Triple, which differs
		from normal Yacht-Z in that all scores in the 3rd column of
		your scorecard are worth three times as much as the normal
		value and those in the 2nd are worth double.  Version 1.2,
		binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Stephan Iannce

CONTENTS OF DISK 0471
---------------------

BTNTape		A "Better Than Nothing" SCSI tape device handler.  It
		provides flat file access to a SCSI tape drive from
		application programs using simple DOS calls to Read()
		and Write().  It can also be used with the Amiga TAR
		utility for disk backups.  It requires a "SCSI-direct"
		compatible SCSI bus adapter but will also work with the
		A2090(A).  It now supports many more tape drives, and has
		some new features.  This is version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 392.  Includes source.
		Author:  Robert Rethemeyer

MachIII		A "mouse accelerator" program that also includes hotkeys,
		features of sun mouse, clicktofront, popcli, title bar
		clock with a bbs online charge accumulator, Arexx support
		and much more.  Updates for Workbench 2.0 have been added
		along with many fixes and new features.  This is version
		3.1, an update to version 3.0 on disk 378.  Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Moats and Polyglot software

MoleWt		MoleWt is a molecular weight calculator.  The program
		accepts a chemical formula and returns the molecular weight.
		This is version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  John Kennan

Uedit		A nice shareware editor with learn mode, a command
		language, menu customization, hypertext, online help,
		a teach mode, split windows, copy and paste, undo,
		features.  This is version 2.6e, an update to version
		2.6c on disk 415.  Binary only.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0472
---------------------

CNewsBin	This is part 1 of a C News distribution for the Amiga.
		This part includes all the binary and text files necessary
		to set up and run C News.  Part 2 is available on disk 473
		and contains the source.  C News uses UUCP, such as Matt
		Dillons implementation (see disks 479 and 480)  or that
		included with this software's previous version (disk 319).
		This package has been reworked and now includes a newsreader,
		AmigaRN (Sharware).  All major (and a few minor) features of
		Unix C News are implemented.  The Author refers to this as
		release 15-Dec-90, an update to the orginal version on disks
		318 and 319.
		Author:  Various, Amiga port by Frank Edwards

ICalc		An expression calculator that works with real and complex
		numbers, has arbitrarily-named variables and user-defined
		functions, startup files and more.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Martin Scott

IFFBeep		A small utility that lets you replace the screen flash of
		DisplayBeep() with any IFF 8SVX sound file.  Also plays
		sounds on disk insertion/removal.  It can be run from the CLI
		or Workbench and includes an interactive "control panel".
		Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Wilkinson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0473
---------------------

BigBrother	A virus infection detection program with some optional
		utilities.  It runs as a normal task and checks every
		1 second the important memory locations in the Amiga.
		As a bonus, BigBrother is capable of starting a new shell,
		starting script files, viewing and installing bootblocks.
		All this in a program less than 10K.  Includes assembly
		source.
		Author:  Erwin van Breemen

CNewsSrc	This is part 2 of a C News distribution for the Amiga.
		This part includes all the source for C News.  Part 1 is
		available on disk 472 and includes all the binary and text
		files necessary to set up and run C News on the Amiga.
		CNews uses UUCP, such as Matt Dillons implementation (see
		disks 479 and 480) or that included with this sofware's
		previous version (disk 319).  This package has been reworked
		and now includes a newsreader, AmigaRN (Sharware).  All
		major (and a few minor) features of Unix C News are
		implemented.  The Author refers to this as release 15-Dec-90,
		an update to the orginal version on disks 318 and 319.
		Author:  Various, Amiga port by Frank Edwards

Family_Sol	A preliminary version of the Authors "Family Solitair"
		card game.  A standard game of Solitair with options for
		multiple players, sound etc.  Binary only.
		Author:  Errol Wallingford

MissileCmd	A fast Missile Command game written in assembly.  Features
		include using a hires interlaced screen, time based events
		for correct operation on any speed Amiga, multitasking
		friendly, and sound effects.  This is version 2, an update
		to the version on disk 444, with bug fixes and enhancements.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Max Bithead

CONTENTS OF DISK 0474
---------------------

Aequipot	A program that renders multicolor pictures using an algorithm
		based on electrostatic effects.  Renders in low-res and high-
		res, and in two speed/quality modes.  Includes both PAL and
		NTSC versions of the program. English and German docs. This
		is version 1.06, includes source in PCQ, freeware.
		Author:  Juergen Matern

AmiDock		AmiDock is an Amiga version of the NeXT's Dock facility.
		It will open up a small window on your WorkBench full
		of little IFF brushes, Each brush represents an application,
		like an ICON but it's a brush. Click on the brush and your
		application will start.  This is version 1.2.4. Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Gary Knight

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 401-470 using the brik
		program.  These were made directly from my master disks.
		This is an update to the lists on disk 401.
		Author:  Fred Fish

Enforcer	Detects/protects against illegal memory hits. Compatible
		with all OS versions & machines (requires a Memory Management
		Unit or 68030 processor).  The low 1K of memory and all
		areas that are not RAM are protected from CPU reads or
		writes.  ROM is marked as read-only.  Version 2.6f, binary
		only.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

GreekFont	A 12 point font with Greek letters.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  Daniel Moosbrugger

Imperium	Strategic, "RISK" style game for up to four players.
		Based in the ancient times of Rome, Athens, Alexandria
		and Carthago.  Binary only, shareware ($10), Manx-C source
		available from the author. English version 1.66E and German
		version 1.79D. Update to version 1.50E on Disk 362.
		Author:  Roland Richter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0475
---------------------

AssignX		A 2.0-only utility to create assignments when you get a
		"Please insert volume" requester.  Also lets you cancel the
		request, forever.  Installs by dropping into your WBStartup
		drawer.  This is version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

Blankette	VERY tiny screen blanker/dimmer.  Very nice on your system,
		very little CPU time, compatible with just about everything.
		Dims screen rather than going black.  Includes assembler
		source.
		Author:  Max Bithead

CITAS		Convert ILBM To Assembler Source.  CITAS allows one to
		easily put graphics into his/her own programs.  CITAS
		takes a standard IFF ILBM image file and converts it into
		either assembler or 'C' source code.  Designed for blitter
		image control, all of the necessary labels are generated,
		along with color map information, mask generation, and other
		options.  This is version 2.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Max Bithead

GadgetED	A program for creating and editing intuition gadgets.
		Includes a palette editor, generation of either C or
		assembly source, and binary saving for later loading
		and editing.  Also comes with "PatchGE", a program for
		converting the original format of GadgetED binaries to
		be loadable by this and future versions.  Version 2.3,
		an update to version 2.0 on disk 438, includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

ToolLib		A shared library containing 45 useful functions for all
		kinds of programs.  There are functions for ports, sorting,
		gadgets, memory, string, directory and file handling, etc.
		Version 8.1, an update to version 7.6 on disk 438, includes
		source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0476
---------------------

Browser		A programmer's "Workbench".  Allows you to easily and
		conveniently move, copy, rename, and delete files &
		directories from a CLI environment.  Also provides a
		method to execute either Workbench or CLI programs.
		Version 1.7, an update to version on disk number 180,
		binary only.
		Author:  Peter da Silva

MED		A music editor much like SoundTracker.  A song consists
		of up to 50 blocks of music, which can be played in any
		order.  Editing features include cut/paste/copy tracks
		or blocks, changing the vibrato, tempo, crescendo, and
		note volume.  Other features include switching of the
		low-pass-filter on or off on a per song basis, and a cute
		little animated pointer of a guy doing "jumping jacks" in
		time to the music!  Improvements include AmigaDos 2.0
		compatibility.  This is version 3.00, an update to
		version 2.13 on disk 424.  Binary only.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen

Mostra		Mostra is a shareware IFF utility featuring real-time
		unpacking scroll, dozens of options, "smart" analysis of
		any IFF file (FORMs, LISTs,...  also nested ILBM!), total
		control over display modes, simple slideshow processing,
		pattern matching, SHAM, an external link to show Dynamic
		Mode pictures, double buffering, fast decompression, color
		cycling, TeXdocs, startup files for easy custom configur-
		ations and complete WB support, through ToolTypes and
		Style icons!  This is version 1.14, an update to version
		1.0 on disk 330.  Binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna 

ToolManager	ToolManager is a full featured program to add programs
		(either WorkBench or CLI) to the tools menu of the 2.x
		WorkBench.  Programs can be added by dragging their icons
		onto the ToolManager "config" window or the optional
		ToolManager icon or by editing the config file.  Requires
		Workbench 2.0.  This is version 1.3, an update to the 
		version on disk 442.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0477
---------------------

IRMaster	This is a hardware/software project to allow the Amiga
		to read an infrared remote control via the parallel port.
		Includes an ILBM of the schematic for a simple interface
		to the A1000 parallel port, some modifications are needed
		for other Amigas.  The source code and executable for
		a reader program are included.  For further functionality
		modifications to the source can be performed.
		Author:  Ron Peterson

MegaBall	This is a new version of the game "Ball" by the same
		author.  It is a Breakout type game, and is very good.
		Complete with impressive sound.  This one's addicting.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Ed Mackey

NoDelete	This program pops up a requestor to alert you of a file
		deletion being attempted via DeleteFile() and allows you
		accept or cancel it.  This also pertains to any files you
		attempt to delete via "delete".  Version 1.5a source is
		included.
		Author:  Uwe Sch"urkamp

CONTENTS OF DISK 0478
---------------------

LSlabel		A simple label printing utility.  Very powerful as the user
		can/must do a lot of settings by himself.  Features include
		variable linefeeds (in 1/216 inch steps), a very exactly
		setting of the label length and freely configurable printer
		codes.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Berendes.

MED-Songs	A selection of musical pieces created with MED, the musical
		editor program (see disk 476 for MED 3.00).  Includes
		MEDPlayer version 3.0.
		Author:  Hans-H. Adam 

MP		A small, useful utility for sending any MIDI data back and
		forth between an Amiga and a MIDI instrument.  Helpful for
		learning about MIDI, writing/debugging MIDI software,
		figuring out your instrument's system-exclusive implementa-
		tion, and more.  Very versatile.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Daniel J. Barrett

NewList		A powerful LIST replacement.  Supports many features
		including sorts, character filters, case sensitivity,
		most options offered by LIST, date construction, UNIX
		wildcards, and much more.  Sort routines are very fast
		and memory usage is minimal.  Version 4.9, an update
		to version 4.5 on disk 461.  Binary only.
		Author:  Phil Dietz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0479
---------------------

CheckPrt	A small program for checking the presence of a parallel
		printer from within a script file.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

TDP		A small trackdisplay program that uses whatever screen is
		up front.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

UUCP		An implementation of uucp for the Amiga, including mail
		and news.  This is Matt's version for the Amiga, based
		on William Loftus's Amiga UUCP 0.40 release with news
		code from his 0.60 release, and months of work by Matt to
		make fixes and add enhancements.  This is version 1.13D,
		an update to version 1.08D on disk 442, and consists of
		four parts.  Parts 1 and 2 are on this disk, and parts 3
		and 4 are on disk 480.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, major enhancements by Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0480
---------------------

Cryptor		A program that encrypts and decrypts data (files).  It
		uses a mathematical algorithm with password key protection.
		Has both English and German versions and documentation.
		This is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Schossow

NoCare		This utility speeds up your windowing environment.  The
		OpenWindow vector is patched.  When someone tries to open
		a window in the workbench screen, the lower refreshbit in
		the nw_Flags field is cleared.  This way, only NOCAREREFRESH
		windows will be opened, resulting in faster window movements.
		Windows opened in customscreens are not affected.  This is
		version 1.5.  Assembly source included.
		Author:  Raymond Hoving

TplEdit		A gadtools template editor.  It is able to generate nearly
		standalone C source code.  The program will only run under
		OS 2.0, Kickstart 37.73 or higher.  This is version 1.00
		Alpha.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon 

UUCP		An implementation of uucp for the Amiga, including mail
		and news.  This is Matt's version for the Amiga, based
		on William Loftus's Amiga UUCP 0.40 release with news
		code from his 0.60 release, and months of work by Matt to
		make fixes and add enhancements.  This is version 1.13D,
		an update to version 1.08D on disk 442, and consists of
		four parts.  Parts 1 and 2 are on disk 479, and parts 3
		and 4 are on this disk.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, major enhancements by Matt Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0481
---------------------

K1		An editor program for the Kawai K1-II synthesizer.  Includes
		a bankloader for single-patches and multi-patches, a single-
		patch editor, a multi-patch editor, and support for the
		effect-session and K1 controllers.  Version 4.8, binary
		only.
		Author:  Andreas Jung

MCP		A "TRON" like cycle race game for up to four players.
		Version 13.76, update to version on disk 338, includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Jorg Sixt

TLPatch		A utility to allow corrections in pronunciation for programs
		that use the Translate() function.  It allows you to extract
		the exception table from the translator.library, use a text
		editor to edit the table, and then restore it back into the
		library.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Richard Sheppard

WaveMaker	WaveMaker is intended to give beginning music and physics
		students a "hands on" feel for how complex waves are made
		by adding a harmonic series of sine waves.  A fundamental
		and up to seven harmonics are available.  The resulting
		waveform can be displayed on the screen or played on the
		audio device using the keyboard like a piano.  A game mode
		is also provided.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on
		disk 318, with several bugs fixed, more efficient code, and
		a new display option.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Meyer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0482
---------------------

Ephemer		A program which calculates the positions of the sun, moon,
		and planets for any date and any place.  Includes source
		in HiSoft BASIC.
		Author:  Yvon Alemany

Molec3D		An interactive 3D solid modelling program for molecules.
		Produces a graphic, three dimensional representation of
		molecules, based on 3D coordinates data from geometry
		optimization programs, X-ray measurements, or any other
		source.  Can handle up to 500 atoms at a time.  Requires
		1Mb or more of memory.  Version 1.022, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Abrecht

CONTENTS OF DISK 0483
---------------------

ButExchange	An input handler to help left handed Amiga users.  It reverses
		the function of the mouse buttons, so that the left button
		becomes the right and vice versa.  Very small, uses only 168
		bytes of memory.  Version 1.0, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

ColorSamples	A few executable color samples made by ColorCatch from disk
		396.  Contains the 'old' colors from kickstart 1.3 and the
		'new' colors from kickstart 2.0.  Very useful because some
		programs/icons look awful when displayed in colors other
		than the ones they were created for.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

InputLock	An input handler to help Amiga users who have cats other pets
		(or children) that mess with the Amiga as soon as it is left
		for a second.  It installs an input handler which lets you
		lock the keyboard and mouse by pressing a few buttons.  Very
		small, uses only 190 bytes of memory.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

MED		MED is a music editor that can be used to compose music for
		demos/games etc.  It can be used as a stand-alone music
	 	program as well.  The features include built-in sample editor,
		synthetic sound editor, MIDI support (up to 16 tracks), and
		options to read/write NoiseTracker modules.  Included are
		routines that allow programmers to easily incorporate music
		made with MED in their programs.  This is version 3.10, an
		update to version 3.00 on disk 476.  Binary only.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen

MouseXY		A small utility that opens a little window in which it shows
		the mouse coordinates and the color at that position.  It can
		be moved from screen to screen and is able to show coordinates
		even when you are moving/resizing windows or moving Workbench
		icons.  Version 1.0, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PicSaver	A small utility that allows you cut rectangular portions of
		any screen and store them on disk as IFF ILBM files.  Also
		allows easy saving of windows and entire screens to disk.
		Version 1.0, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PointerX	Spins the hands of any pointer that looks like the standard
		AmigaDOS 2.0 Workbench "busy" pointer (a clock).  Will also
		work with any application that uses the same pointer.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

PSX		A public screen manager for AmigaDOS 2.0.  Lets you open,
		manipulate, and close public screens, set the global
		public screen bits, and provides a good example of using
		GadTools and ReadArgs.  Version 1.1, an update to version
		on disk 418.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

PWKeys		An input handler that allows you to manipulate windows and
		screens by pressing keys on the keyboard.  It currently lets
		you perform 17 different functions.  Includes an interactive
		program to define hotkeys.  Very small, uses only 1124 bytes
		of memory.  Version 1.0, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

TD		A program like TrackDisplay on disk 399 by Olaf Barthel.  It
		monitors and displays the current track for each floppy disk
		connected to the Amiga.  Version 1.0, includes source in
		assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0484
---------------------

BootPic		BootPic allows you to install nearly any IFF picture that
		you like in place of the WorkBench hand that appears after
		a reset.  Version 1.0, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

EZAsm		Combines parts of "C" with 68000 assembly language.  The
		resulting code is optimized as much as possible.  Now
		bundled with A68k and Blink for a complete programming
		environment.  New "c.lib" functions and more.  This is
		version 1.5, an update to version 1.31 on disk 431.
		Includes example source and executable files. Binary
		only.
		Author:  Joe Siebenmann

MSClock		A clock utility, which displays memory, date, time and
		online time (if connected to another computer via modem)
		in the titlebar of the WorkBench screen.  This is version
		1.3, includes source.
		Author:  Martin Steppler

Spright		Spright is a sprite making utility.  Simple or attached
		sprites can be saved to a file ready to be added to your
		program.  The colors used with the sprite(s) will also
		be saved.  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Todd Neumiller

TextPlus	A word processor for the Amiga, with both German and English
		versions.  This is version 3.0, an update to version 2.2E on
		disk 465.  New features include the ability to print footnotes
		and serial letters, multiple windows, an ARexx-interface with
		120 commands, powerful block-operations, ANSI-compatibility,
		ability to load files crunched by PowerPacker, etc.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Steppler

Viewer		Displays IFF pictures fast! Version 1.0.  Includes source
		in EZAsm.
		Author:  Joe Siebenmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0485
---------------------

Drawmap		A program for drawing representations of the Earth's
		surface.  This version includes a completely rewritten
		user interface and some new functions.  Version 2.25d, an
		update to version 2.0 on disk 315.  Includes source.
		Authors:  Bryan Brown & Ulrich Denker

NiftyTerm	NiftyTerm is an h19/VT102/VT52 emulator for the Amiga.
		It was originally designed to be used with DNet, but it
		has been expanded so that it may be used as a normal
		terminal emulator.  Niftyterm was designed to be a good
		emulation of these terminals, as well as being fairly
		small and fast.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk 403.  Binary only, source available from authors.
		Author:  Christopher Newman, Todd Williamson

Spades		This is an Amiga version of the card game spades.  It is a
		one player version, where the computer plays your partner
		and two opponents.  This is version 1.2, an update to
		version 1.1 on Disk 392.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Greg Stelmack

CONTENTS OF DISK 0486
---------------------

Metafont	Amiga port of the Metafont package, a program to create
		TeX fonts.  Includes versions for 68000 and 68020.  Disk
		487 contains a copy of the Metafont font source files
		from the TeX distribution tape, including the Computer
		Modern Roman and the LaTeX fonts.  This is version 2.7,
		binary only.
		Author:  Donald E. Knuth, Stefan Becker (Amiga port)

SoundEd		Demo version of an 8SVX sound editing package, written
		in machine code for optimum speed and minimum size.
		Can also be used for digitizing with SoundEd or Perfect
		Sound hardware.  Version 1.0, demo, binary only.
		Author:  Howard Dortch and Mike Coriell

CONTENTS OF DISK 0487
---------------------

AssignX		A 2.0-only utility to create assignments when you get a
		"Please insert volume" requester.  Also lets you cancel the
		request, forever.  Installs by dropping into your WBStartup
		drawer.  This is version 1.2, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk 475.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Tibbett

MFSrc		A copy of the Metafont font source files from the TeX
		distribution tape, suitable for use with the Amiga port
		of Metafont on disk 486.  Included are the Computer
		Modern Roman and the LaTeX fonts.  These should be
		sufficient to run a normal TeX installation.
		Author:  Various

PPrint		A printing utility, designed for all those who slowly but
		surely become frustrated with programmers who think that
		they can do a form feed better than their printer can.
		This one relies on the printer itself to do the formatting,
		and on the program to send the settings.  Features include
		a full icon driven user interface, the ability to convert
		tabs to any size, and the ability to save a number of
		standard settings.  Version 1.10, includes source.
		Author:  Marc Jackisch

CONTENTS OF DISK 0488
---------------------

LordOfHosts	A strategy game for two players based on a board game called
	        "Shogun".  Features include flexible mouse/joystick controls,
		undo and redo of up to 500 preceding steps, fully intuition-
		ized user interface.  Version 1.0, complete source code,
		precompiled include files and debugger files included.
		Author:  Tim Pietzcker

MidiTools	A group of several different utility programs for those
		who run a Midi system.  Update to version on disk 159.
		Includes three new programs, two of which are synthesizer
		editors, and compatibility with AmigaDOS 2.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jack Deckard

SGD		This program makes it possible to delete games, that are
		saved by any of the existing Sierra adventures (e.g.
		Leisure suit Larry).  The program has a LEARN-option for
		including new adventures.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Maico Ditzel

SuperDuper	A very fast disk copier and formatter.  Can make up to four
		unverified copies from a ram buffer in 36 seconds.  Verified
		copies from a ram buffer take 67 seconds for one destination
		drive, plus 34 seconds for each additional destination.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

View80		Scrolling text file reader with three scrolling modes
		controllable via keyboard or mouse.  Opens file requestor
		if no filename is given.  Automatically configures screen
		size for PAL or NTSC machine.  Version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.1 on disk 365.  Binary only.
		Author:  Federico Giannici

CONTENTS OF DISK 0489
---------------------

Automata	Automata is an extremely versatile, cellular automaton
		simulation.  Virtually every aspect of the simulation can
		be altered, saved, and later recalled.  Also supplies many
		powerful editing functions (such as patterns, rotations,
		reflections, etc) for creating and modifying cell configur-
		ations.  Additional features include editable icons, an
		immense variety of rules from which to choose, "music"
		which changes as the cell configuration changes and methods
		to speed execution from 3 to 60 (or more) generations per
		second.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jerry Mack

MkBmap		Builds Amiga format bitmapped fonts from PostScript fonts.
		Uses the library "post.library" (disk 468) to render the
		characters.  Best results are obtained with fully hinted
		type 1 fonts, such as those supplied by Adobe and other
		vendors.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Adrian Aylward

SKsh		A ksh-like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features
		include command substitution, shell functions with
		parameters, aliases, local variables, local functions,
		local aliases, powerful control structures and tests,
		emacs style line editing and history functions, I/O
		redirection, pipes, large variety of built-in commands,
		Unix style wildcards, Unix style filename conventions,
		filename completion, and coexistence with scripts from
		other shells.  Very well documented.  Version 1.7, an
		update to version 1.6 on disk 381.  Lots of new features
		and bug fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0490
---------------------

AmiCheck	An easy to use, intuitive, friendly checkbook program.
		Allows you to enter your checks in a very natural style,
		giving you a running balance as you do so.  Options
		include reconciling your checkbook, starting new registers
		with outstanding checks only, printing all, cleared,
		outstanding, or selected entries, and more.  Version 2.0,
		shareware, binary only, requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Author:  Jeff Hoag

AntiLemmin	Another great, humorous, animation from Eric Schwartz.  This
		one was obviously inspired by the wonderful Lemmings game.
		Lasts a full two minutes and ten seconds.  Requires at
		least 2 Mb of memory.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

Recolor		A fully configurable icon recoloring tool that can swap or
		shift the colors of selected icons and truncate the depth of
		the icon color map.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0491
---------------------

bBaseII		A simple database program using an intuition interface.
		Stores, sorts, and searches for information.  Limited to
		9 fields in each record.  Features include fast sorting,
		search in any field, and best of all, it's really easy to
		use.  Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

DICE		Dillon's Integrated C Enviroment.  A C frontend, pre-
		processor, C compiler, assembler, linker, and support
		libraries.  Features include ANSI compatibility, many
		code optimizations, and autoinit routines (user routines
		called during startup before main is called).  This is
		version 2.06.21, an update to version 2.06.15 on disk
		466.  Includes bug fixes and experimental dynamic object
		module loading support.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthew Dillon

fBlanker	A utility for blanking the screen after a defined period
		of no action.  Shows a multicolor Amiga checkmark.  This
		is version 1.1, binary only, requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Author:  Markus Stoll

Klondike	A single player card game.  Version 1.1c, binary only.
		Shareware.
		Author:  Peter Wiseman

CONTENTS OF DISK 0492
---------------------

LoanCalc	Keyboard and mouse driven mortgage utility.  Although
		similar programs exist, this one is unique in that it
		is designed to track 'Open' mortgages that allow any size
		payment to be made at any time, as well as providing a
		printed amortization table for fixed mortgages with
		monthly, semi-monthly, bi-weekly and weekly payment
		schedules.  This is version 1.4, an update to version 1.2
		on disk 366.  Binary only.  
		Author:  Robert Bromley

SBProDemo	A restricted use trial version of Superbase Professional 4
		complete with sample application.  The limitations are
		35 records max per file, programs can be edited but not
		saved, and forms can be edited but not saved or printed.
		In every other respect this is identical to the release
		product.  SBpro4 is compatible with SB4 Windows V1.21.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Precision Software Limited.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0493
---------------------

AmiBack		Demo version of a new backup utility.  Features include
		backup to any AmigaDOS compatible device (such as floppies,
		removable hard disks, fixed media hard disk, and tape
		drives), no copy protection, configuration files, complete
		backups, incremental backups, selective backups, file
		exclusion filter, setting of archive bit, etc.  Demo version
		does not have restore, compare, or scheduler.  Version 1.03,
		an update to version 1.0 on disk 447.  Binary only.
		Author:  MoonLighter Software

AmigaLib	A library of Workbench/ROM-Kernel interface routines for
		use with AbSoft Fortran.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Locker

AmiGantt	A project definition and management tool designed to create
		a simple, interactive method of outlining the task required
		to complete a particular project, using the GANTT chart as
		the input format.  AmiGantt displays the project in a multi-
		window mode with separate windows for the GANTT chart, task
		information input, resource histogram display, and Pert chart
		display.  Up to 500 tasks may be defined for any project, and
		a project may contain other projects as tasks.  Version 4.0.0,
		an update to version 3.0.0 on disk 248.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Donald Tolson

BBFormat	A floppy disk formatter for diskettes with hard errors.
		Bad media areas are mapped out so AmigaDOS will not use
		them.  Presently not intuitionized, runs from CLI only.
		Version 5/7/91, includes source.
		Author:  David Varley

BizCalc		A do-it-all user friendly loan calculator that calculates
		weekly and biweekly loans.  Can generate amortization
		tables to the screen, to the printer, or to a file.  Uses
		menus, bottons, or keyboard commands, and iconifies.
		Has six decimal precision option and more.  This is
		version 1.1, an and expansion of MortCalc 2.5 on disk 385.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Michel Laliberte

Connex		A "connect-4" type game.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Adrian Millett

ScreenMod	Allows you to modify most of the parameters of any screen
		structure in memory, including colors and viewmodes.  Use-
		ful for PAL programs which open their screens low.  Has a
		companion program to automate changes later on.  This is
		version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Syd Bolton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0494
---------------------

Bref		A cross reference program for AmigaBASIC code.  Generates
		a list of the BASIC code with lines sequentially numbered,
		plus a table showing all variables and labels used in the
		code, and the line numbers where they were used.  This is
		version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 283.  This
		is a major revision, including a new intuition interface.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dick Taylor

ButExchange	An input handler to help left handed Amiga users.  It reverses
		the function of the mouse buttons, so that the left button
		becomes the right and vice versa.  Very small, uses only 168
		bytes of memory.  This is version 1.1, an update to version
		1.0 on disk 483.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

DeafLab		A program which translates text into hand signs for the
		deaf.  Can be used to directly communicate with a deaf
		person that has trouble reading text, or used as a
		teaching tool for learning handsigning.  Version 1.7,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Creighton

InputLock	An input handler to help Amiga users who have cats other pets
		(or children) that mess with the Amiga as soon as it is left
		for a second.  It installs an input handler which lets you
		lock the keyboard and mouse by pressing a few buttons.  Very
		small, uses only 190 bytes of memory.  This is version 1.1,
		an update to version 1.0 on disk 483.  Includes source in
		assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PicSaver	A small utility that allows you cut rectangular portions of
		any screen and store them on disk as IFF ILBM files.  Also
		allows easy saving of windows and entire screens to disk.
		This is version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 483.
		Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PWKeys		An input handler that allows you to manipulate windows and
		screens by pressing keys on the keyboard.  It currently lets
		you perform 25 different functions.  Features include mouse
		blanking, screen blanking, mouse acceleration, "sun mouse",
		mouse/keyboard locking, and an interactive program to define
		hotkeys and other settings.  This is version 2.0, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 483.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

StackWatch	Monitors the stack of any selected task or process 30 times
		per second and reports the allocated stack, maximum stack
		used, and current stack used.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jim Locker

vScreen		Allows you to have screens that are larger than the actual
		display area of your monitor.  These larger "virtual screens"
		scroll when you move the mouse off the edge of the visible
		section of the screen.  Currently does not work under AmigaDOS
		2.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

CONTENTS OF DISK 0495
---------------------

AnalytiCalc	The AnalytiCalc spreadsheet, directly executable.  This
		version features operation with only one window, many 
		"3 dimensional" sheet addressing primitives, and
		optional execution from icons.  Two images are furnished,
		one for smaller and one for large internal storage (though
		both have software virtual memory if needed).  These
		images operate OK under AmigaDos 1.2, 1.3, and 2.0.
		They include code allowing the spreadsheet to be treated
		as a series of "pages" so that a cell has a row, column,
		and (optionally) page, and ranges can be in depth along
		pages as well as along rows or columns.  The mapping is
		flexible enough so that it can be used to facilitate
		computing traces of matrices if desired, as well as for
		more conventional use.  Version V25-03B, an update to
		version V24-01a on disk 328.  Includes source.
		Author:  Glenn Everhart

CONTENTS OF DISK 0496
---------------------

AvailMem	A small free memory counter that continuously displays the
		amount of (and size of the largest block of) free chip,
		fast, and total memory in bytes (as opposed to K).  This
		is version 1.12, a Workbench 2.0-compatible upgrade to
		version 1.03 on disk 285.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

DU		A Workbench 2.0-aware DU program.  Unlike other Amiga DU
		programs, it will skip over links to files and links to
		directories.  Not only does this give a more accurate
		representation of how much space the contents of a
		particular directory are taking up, it also prevents
		infinite loops when a directory has a link to one of it's
		ancestors.  Version 1.02, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

GodsDemo	Playable demo of a very popular European game.
		Author:  Bitmap Brothers

MemMometer	A program that opens a narrow window and graphically
		both displays your memory usage like a gauge, and also
		detects changes in regions of memory over time.  Detected
		changes are catagorized and displayed using color coded
		bands.  This is version 2.20, an update to version 2.10
		on disk 350.  It accomodates AmigaDOS 2.0 and the Amiga
		3000 32-bit memory addresses.  Includes source.
		Author:  Howard Hull

Ruler		Ruler is a small tool used in the measurement and con-
		strainment of text.  Originally conceived as a tool for
		insuring that filenames didn't exceed the Amiga's 30
		character limit, it is nevertheless useful in any sit-
		uation when the number of characters in a line of text
		needs to be counted.  Version 5.00, includes source.
		Author:  Thad Floryan, Chad Netzer and Dave Schreiber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0497
---------------------

AutoActivate	A commodity which activates the window under the mouse-
		pointer when pressing any key.  Requires AmigaOS 2.0. This
		is version 1.08.  Includes german version and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

Back&Front	Sends a window to back or brings it to front with defined
		actions.  For example put a window in front by double-
		clicking in it and send it back with the middle mouse button.
		Any keyboard or mouse event can be trapped.  Number of
		required actions can be changed (double-click vs triple-
		click).  Implemented as a commodity.  Requires AmigaOS 2.0.
		This is version 1.03.  Includes german version and source.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

CenterScreen	A commodity which centers the frontmost screen horizontally
		on hotkey.  Useful if you normally operate with overscan
		screens and an old program opens a normal size screen.
		Requires AmigaOS 2.0.  This is version 1.05.  Includes
		german version and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

ChangeColors	A new palette tool to change the colors of the workbench or
		any other public screen. The feature of this tool is its
		font independance; it uses the font of the screen on which
		it opens, instead of insisting on topaz 8.  Looks really
		great if you use any other font than topaz on your workbench
		screen.  This is version 1.03.  Includes german version.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

LeftyMouse	Yet another LeftyMouse, this one implemented as a commodity.
		Swaps the left and right mousebutton for lefties.  Requires
		AmigaOS 2.0.  This is version 1.04.  Includes german version
		and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

MouseAccel	Yet another mouse accelerator, this one implemented as a
		commodity.  If you find the built-in accelerator too slow,
		try this one.  Requires AmigaOS 2.0.  This is version 1.01.
		Includes german version and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

MouseBlanker	Blanks the mouse pointer after a defined timeout or if you
		press any key.  Implemented as a commodity.  Requires AmigaOS
		2.0.  This is version 1.13.  Includes german version and
		source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

NewShellCX	An "open shell on hotkey" commodity (like PopCLI).  Requires
		AmigaOS 2.0.  This is version 1.05.  Includes german version
		and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

NLCalc		A calculator program that uses the NL 3D look (see NLDaemon
		on this disk).  It will open on any screen at the touch of
		a function key.  Version 3.1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

NLDaemon	Implements a "New Look" in Amiga programs, by using 3D-like
		gadgets.  Converts standard intuition window gadgets into
		3D versions.  Version 1.4.3, includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

Reboot		A program which reboots your Amiga by calling exec's Cold-
		Reboot() function.  This is version 1.02.  Includes source
		in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

Request		Opens the OS 2.0 autorequester from script files.  Title,
		text, gadgets and publicscreen of the requester can be
		changed by commandline options.  This is version 1.00.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

WindowShuffle	Activates and brings to front next or previous window with
		hotkeys.  Hotkeys can be changed.  Implemented as a commodity.
		Requires AmigaOS 2.0.  This is version 1.05.  Includes german
		version and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

CONTENTS OF DISK 0498
---------------------

CPalette	A palette adjusting program that can be brought up on just
		about any screen, including HAM and EHB.  Version 1.1,
		includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Craig Lever

FreeCopy	FreeCopy is unlike most copiers in that it does not actually
		copy disks.  It removes the protection so disks can easily
		be backed up with almost any program, and in some cases be
		installed on your hard drive.  Version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  Greg Pringle

Pauky		Demo version of an English to German (and vice versa) word
		translation trainer.  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  David Wetzel

TapeCover	TapeCover prints out those little paper inserts for casette
		tape cases.  It lets you enter the name of the songs, and the
		title of each side.  It should work on any printer that can
		print in that semi-condensed mode.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Greg Pringle

WordSearch	This is an automated wordsearch generator.  Words orienta-
		tions can be limited to any subset of the eight primary
		directions and the puzzle can be rotated or flipped.  It
		has a spartan but functional user interface highlighted
		by the req.library.  The system default font under WB 2.0
		is supported for the puzzle display window.  Version 1.0,
		includes source in C.
		Author:  Craig Lever

YatZ		One player Yatzee game.  This program was written to take up
		little memory and to multitask nicely.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Greg Pringle

ZoomDaemon	Adds a "zoom" gadget to every window that can be resized.
		Pressing this gadget makes the window as large as possible
		or as small as possible, or brings it back to its normal
		size.  Version 2.1.3, include source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

CONTENTS OF DISK 0499
---------------------

Diglib		An Amiga device independent graphics library for fortran
		applications.  This is an enhanced and debugged version
		of a public domain library, the development of which was
		sponsored by the US Government.  This library is required
		for part of the Matlab package, also included on this disk.
		This is an update to the version on disk 267.  Includes
		source in FORTRAN.
		Author:  Hal Brand, Craig Wuest, James Locker, Mike Broida

Matlab		A FORTRAN package (MATrix LABoratory) developed by Argonne
		National Laboratories for in house use.  It provides
		comprehensive vector and tensor operations in a package
		which may be programmed either through a macro language
		or through execution of script files.  Supported functions
		include sin, cos, tan, arcfunctions, upper triangular,
		lower triangular, determinants, matrix multiplication,
		identity, hilbert matrices, eigenvalues, eigenvectors,
		matrix roots, matrix products, inversion, and more.
		Amiga specific features include workbench startup, polar
		plots, contour plots, enhanced plot buffer control, and
		algorithmic plot display generation.  This is an update
		to the version on disk 267, with many bug fixes and code
		reorganizations.  Includes source in FORTRAN.
		Author:  Jim Locker, Cleve Moler, Mike Broida

CONTENTS OF DISK 0500
---------------------

Signal		Two programs designed to make it easy to write shell scripts
		that must be synchronized with the operation of another, in
		order to avoid disk thrashing for example.  Includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

sWindows	A program that allows you to use the title of a window to
		specify the screen on which the window will appear.  This
		provides a method of opening CON: and RAW: windows on screens
		other than the WorkBench, for example.  Includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

wIconify	A program, and number of companion utilities, that allow
		you to iconify windows on any screen, including custom
		screens. Iconified windows become small icons on the bottom
		of the screen, and they can be opened again by double-
		clicking them.  Also allows any screen to become a shared,
		WorkBench-like screen, and gives you the ability to create
		new screens specifically for this purpose.  Each window can
		have its own custom icon.  There is a programmers interface
		to allow programs to control their own icons.  Version 3.8,
		includes source.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

CONTENTS OF DISK 0501
---------------------

AddMenu		A program to add infinite number of menus to the Tools
		menu on Workbench V2.0.  Uses the correct Workbench.library
		calls and allows updating from CLI or from within the menu
		itself, meaning infinite number of functions.  Binary only
		but source available from author.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

AutoCLI		A 'PopCLI' type replacement that works with WorkBench 2.0
		and fully compatible with A3000 & accelerator boards.
		Always retains the default path and stack, and current
		directory.  Can automatically open CLI/SHELL windows to
		1 pixel less than screen size on opening.  Other features
		include an optional Function-key press with the qualifier
		to execute an S:script file.  Version 1.99d, binary only.
		Update to version on disk 424 with more enhancements.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

Dominos		The standard game of dominos with 6-6 set.  The computer
		will provide quite a challenge to any skilled player.
		Version 1.0, includes source in Basic.
		Author:  Russell Mason

DOSWatch	Monitor for calls to AmigaDOS via dos.library. Needs
		Kickstart 1.2 or 1.3.  This is version 1.0.  HiSoft Devpac
		Assembler V1.21 source included.
		Author:  A.Voss Wrede

Genesis		A uniquely flexible and powerful program for generating and
		rendering fractal landscapes.  Original algorithms allow
		incorporating fractal rivers as integral parts of the
		landscapes, with natural looking river valleys, gulleys,
		waterfalls, and lakes.  A number of parameters can be varied
		to modify the landscape construction process and change the
		character of the final landscape, there is also great
		flexibility in the rendering.  This is a demo version of
		the commercial product by the same name available from
		Microillusions and has some features disabled.  Binary only.
		Author: James M. Bardeen

LList		A 'list' type program that displays type of file.  Many
		types of files included, and ability to extract information
		from other file types for recognition.  Standard Amiga
		Wildcards supported.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

NewList		A powerful LIST replacement.  Supports many features
		including sorts, character filters, case sensitivity,
		most options offered by LIST, date construction, UNIX
		wildcards, and much more.  Sort routines are very fast
		and memory usage is minimal.  Version 5.0, an update
		to version 4.9 on disk 478.  Binary only.
		Author:  Phil Dietz

NoClick		A program to stop drives clicking in KickStart V2.0.
		Uses the correct method.  Also included is a patch for
		the kickstart files for a permanent no-click for V1.3 and
		V2.0, both A3000 version and kickfile version for other
		Amigas.  Binary only and ASCII patch.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

NoErrors	A simple to use, Gadget driven program.  Its main function
		is to hide physical hard errors from floppy disks or hard
		disks, so these disks can then be used without DOS showing
		read/write errors.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0502
---------------------

AutoRev		A little utility to make it easy to update program-headers
		ran from the CLI.  Requires AmigaDos 2.0.  This is Version
		1.1r.  Source included.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

CELLS		A cellular automata experimentation lab, based on the
		rules described in the Computer Recreations column
		of the Scientific American, January 1990.  Version 1.3.
		Source included.
		Author:  Davide Cervone

EternalRome	A historical strategy game, that in spite of its high
		complexity is fast and easy to play.  Fully mouse controlled
		with a fine zoomable map of the Roman empire (overscan and
		interlaced options).  The simulation delivers many historical
		insights because of its accuracy (may be used for educational
		purposes) and is a challenging and entertaining game for two
		or more players (also interesting for solitary studies).
		Version 1.0 (tryware).  Binary only.
		Author:  Sven Hartrumpf

ReturnCode	Two Short programs (LogRC and GetRC) to allow the "Return
		Code" left by a previous program to be saved in a form
		suitable for further (script) testing.  GetRC allows the
		Return Code to be set or viewed as desired.  Assembly
		source included.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

SysInfo 	A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed
		comparisons with other configurations, versions of the
		OS software, etc.  Version 2.22, an update to version 1.98
		on disk 433.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

TrackDOS	A program that allows easy transfer of data between DOS,
		memory and trackdisk.device.  DOS means the data contained
		within a file, memory means the data contained anywhere
		within the memory map and trackdisk.device means data
		stored on a disk not accessable with DOS (eg. bootblocks
		special loader disks etc.).  The transfer of data between
		these three areas is not normally easy or convenient.
		TrackDos was written to overcome this.  This is version
		1.08, an update to 1.04 on Fish disk 365.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0503
---------------------

NoFragLib	A library containing 6 routines for defragmenting memory.
		Extracted and updated from the "tool.library" on disk 475.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

PCQ		A freely redistributable, self compiling, Pascal compiler
		for the Amiga.  This is version 1.2a, an update to version
		1.1c on disk 339.  It has many enhancements and improvments.
		It is bundled with the latest versions of A68K assembler,
		Blink linker, Debug, and Mon to give a complete develop-
		ment environment.  Includes the compiler source and example
		programs.
		Author:  Patrick Quaid

CONTENTS OF DISK 0504
---------------------

PolySiliCon	A centralized Shell Command Interface with visible scrollable
		History and mouse access.  Allows multiple shells to be
		controlled from a single command/history window.  Commands
		can be re-executed with a mouse click.  A group of commands
		for a project may be loaded into the history from a file for
		easy access.  Compatible with both 1.3 and 2.0 AmigaDOS.
		ShareWare, binary only.
		Author:  Pete Goodeve.

RoadRoute	A program that determines from a user modifiable data base,
		the shortest and fastest routes between two cities.  Includes
		a coarse and a detailed data set and a program, RoadScan, for
		examining the contents of large RoadRoute data files.  This
		is version 1.7.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

ShuttleCock	Yet another animation from Eric Schwartz.  Eric wanted to see
		if he could still do an animation that required less than
		1 MB to run.  Released May 1991.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

View		A text displayer with many controls and features including
		searches, file requestors, jump to editor etc.  This is
		version 1.0, a re-write that requires AmigaDos 2.0.  Source
		is included.
		Author:  Jan Van Den Baard

ViewDir		Allows reading the current directory by commanding VIEWDIR "".
		Displays a listing of the specified directory with the total
		bytes at the bottom and the description of the file types next
		to each file.  Also includes a "version string" to allow a DOS
		2.0 VERSION command to read.  This is version 2.1 an update to
		the version on disk 358.  Assembler source included.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield

CONTENTS OF DISK 0505
---------------------

TheDatingGame	A very well done animation by Eric Schwartz.  This is
		Eric's biggest animation project to date.  The animation
		lasts nearly 4 minutes and requires 3 MB of RAM to run.
		Flip the Frog has all kinds of trouble getting to the house
		of his girlfriend, Clarisse Cat.  This cartoon animation
		follows the style of the short theatrical cartoons of
		earlier days.  The animation unpacks to two floppies.
		Shareware.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0506
---------------------

NGTC		Release Two of a trivia game based on "Star Trek: The Next
		Generation" TV series.  Part 1 is on this disk.  Part 2 is
		on disk 507.  You also need Release One from disks 404 and
		405.  Created with The Director Version 2.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gregory Epley

CONTENTS OF DISK 0507
---------------------

LHCon		A program that will convert Arc and Zoo formatted archives
		to LHArc format.  This will save precious disk space.  LHCon
		will do single files or entire directories.  It also has the
		capability to preserve the comment field of the file for
		BBS programs that require it and for the individuals who
		label their programs in that manner.  Version 1.01.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Robbins and Bill Huff

NGTC		Release Two of a trivia game based on "Star Trek: The Next
		Generation" TV series.  Part 2 is on this disk.  Part 1 is
		on disk 506.  You also need Release One from disks 404 and
		405.  Created with The Director Version 2.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gregory Epley

CONTENTS OF DISK 0508
---------------------

DirWork		A fast, small, simple, efficent, shareware DirUtility
		that gets directories off floppies in about half the normal
		time.  Configurable options and buttons, as well as all
		the usual features.  This is Version 1.30, an update to
		version 1.12 on disk 406.  Shareware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

HCC		Amiga port of Sozobon, Limited's C Compiler, version 2.0.
		Can completely compile itself, supports 32 bit ints, and
		optimizer can 'registerize' variables.  Includes compiler,
		optimizer, tool for creating interface code for Amiga system
		calls, startup code, C library, include files, and library
		routines that work with Motorola FFP format.  Uses assembler
		A68k, linker BLink, and provided run-time shared C library
		CClib.library.  Includes source.
		Author:  Sozobon, Limited. Amiga port, bug fixes and
		         enhancements by Detlef Wuerkner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0509
---------------------

Multi_Player	A music player that loads and plays a large variety of the
		"tracker" type sound modules.  With an intuition interface,
		allows you to load formats like Intuitracker, NoisePlayer,
		Soundtracker, FutureComposer and 7 others including power-
		packed modules!  Includes many sample modules in several of
		these formats.  This is version 1.2.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Landspurg

PCKeyMap	This program uses an InputEventHandler to manipulate the
		backslash (\) and some other useful keys in order to better
		emulate an XT/AT keyboard on the German Amiga keyboard
		(which is missing the backslash and some other keys).
		This is version 1.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Peter Vorwerk

CONTENTS OF DISK 0510
---------------------

ATCopy		A program to copy files from the Amiga side of a system
		equipped with a PC/AT bridgeboard, to the PC side, using
		wildcards.  Copies directly through the shared memory.
		Supports CLI and WorkBench usage.  This is version 2.22,
		an update to version 2.2 on disk 458.  With some final
		bug fixes, this will be the last non-commercial release.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Vorwerk

SYNWORKS	A graphics oriented environment for design, training
		and test of neural networks.  The enclosed version is
		public domain and supports only three network models.
		Not all options are available but this version provides
		the most important features to allow users to decide if
		neural networks are an appropriate solution for their
		problems.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Kaiser

VMK		A virus detector, this program no longer detects specific
		viri, instead it concentrates on checking system vectors
		and various parameters that viri typically modify in order
		to survive reboots.  This is version 1.0, an update to
		version .27 on disk 328 listed under "Hames".  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

CONTENTS OF DISK 0511
---------------------

Connex		A "connect-4" type game.  This is version 4.0, an update
		to version 3.8 on disk 493.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Adrian Millett

DirWork		A fast, small, simple, efficent, shareware DirUtility
		that gets directories off floppies in about half the normal
		time.  Configurable options and buttons, as well as all
		the usual features.  This is Version 1.31, an update to
		version 1.30 on disk 508.  Shareware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

Less		A text file reader, descended from Unix "Less."  Less has
		features found on no other Amiga file reader; it can use
		pipes, accepts multiple filenames, and has many convenient
		positioning commands for forward and backward movement,
		marking positions, etc.  This version runs on all Amigas,
		under any screen resolution and font, and uses the full
		8-bit character set.  Other improvements include seaches
		using regular expressions, multiple file selection from
		Workbench, and resident operation.  This is version 1.4Z,
		an update to version 1.3 on disk 149.  Includes source.
		Author:  Ray Zarling et. al.

OneKey		A 1.3/2.0 compatible input handler for people who can only
		press (or cause to be pressed) one keyboard key at a time.
		OneKey gathers individually pressed qualifier keys (shift,
		alt, control, etc) and then applies them to the next non-
		qualifier key that is pressed.  This is version 36.11,
		includes source.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

PCQ		An update to PCQ from disk 503.  This is only a partial
		distribution and includes just the compiler main pass,
		the documentation, and a ReadMe file.  You need the
		distribution from disk 503 to use this material.  This
		update is version 1.2b.
		Author:  Patrick Quaid

Solitaire	A shareware solitaire game, known widely as Klondike.  The
		rules can be varied, and there are five different ways of
		working through the deck.  Also includes a palette requester
		to fine tune the colors to your liking and a save-setup
		function that remembers how all the options are set.  This
		is version 1.8, binary only.
		Author:  Gaylan Wallis

CONTENTS OF DISK 0512
---------------------

Csh		Replacement for the Amiga shell, similar to UN*X csh.  Main
		features include over 100 built in commands, 70 functions,
		new system variables, file name completion, freely
		programmable command line editing, file classes, auto cd,
		lazy cd, intuition menus for the shell window, automatic
		RX-ing, local variables, $( ), statement blocks, high speed,
		plus much more.  This is version 5.15, an update to version
		4.02 on disk 458.  Includes source.
		Author:  U. Dominik Mueller, C. Borreo, S. Drew, M. Dillon

FlipIt		Possibly the strongest Reversi/Othello type game available.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Adrian Millett

M2Pascal	A simple Modula-2 to Pascal translator.  You can write simple
		programs on your Amiga using one of the available Modula-2
		compilers, and then use this translator to generate Pascal
		source for export to other systems with Pascal compilers.
		Version 1.0, includes source in Modula-2.
		Author:  Greg Mumm

Solitaire	Yet another solitaire game.  Nicely done with good graphics
		and sound.  Shareware.
		Author:  Pat Clark

CONTENTS OF DISK 0513
---------------------

DKBTrace	A freely distributable raytrace program that takes a text
		description of a 3D scene and renders it to a 24-bit file
		which may be converted to HAM or viewed on an 24-bit card.
		The program features sophisticated textures, constructive
		solid geometry, and various graphics primitives such as
		quadrics (cones, cylinders, etc.), spheres, planes,
		triangles, smooth triangles, and quartics (donuts, etc.)
		Also included are many sample data files and many utilities
		for creating new data files and for post-processing the
		output files.  Source and executables are included.  Because
		of its size, the distribution has been split onto two disks.
		Disk 513 contains the raytracer and disk 514 contains the
		utilities.  This is version 2.12, an update to version 2.0
		on disk 397.
		Author:  David Buck

NewList		A powerful LIST command.  Supports many features including
		sorts, character filters, case sensitivity, most options
		offered by LIST, date construction, UNIX wildcards, and much
		more.  Sort routines are very fast and memory usage is
		minimal.  Version 5.0a, an update to version 5.0 on disk 501.
		New features include recursion, hunt mode, custom formatting,
		multiple paths, paging, and much much more.  Binary only.
		Author:  Phil Dietz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0514
---------------------

DKBTrace	A freely distributable raytrace program that takes a text
		description of a 3D scene and renders it to a 24-bit file
		which may be converted to HAM or viewed on an 24-bit card.
		The program features sophisticated textures, constructive
		solid geometry, and various graphics primitives such as
		quadrics (cones, cylinders, etc.), spheres, planes,
		triangles, smooth triangles, and quartics (donuts, etc.)
		Also included are many sample data files and many utilities
		for creating new data files and for post-processing the
		output files.  Source and executables are included.  Because
		of its size, the distribution has been split onto two disks.
		Disk 513 contains the raytracer and disk 514 contains the
		utilities.  This is version 2.12, an update to version 2.0
		on disk 397.
		Author:  David Buck

GearCalc	A bicycle gear ratio calculator. Version 2.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Ed Bacon

S220to8SVX	Converts sound samples from a Roland S-220/S-10/MKS-100 to
		8SVX IFF 8-bit samples.  This is version 1.4, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 286.  New features include volume-adjust
		and start-endpoint setting.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Dieter Bruns

TLog		An intuition based program that records statistics to 
		monitor athletic training progress.  Maintains a daily 
		record of distance, time, heart rate, weight and temp-
		erature.  Links a text file with the record for a free
		form diary.  The AREXX commands provide the basis for
		generating custom reports from the data base.  Sample
		script allows TLog to automatically get to a scheduler
		to post reminders of upcoming events.  Version 1.0,
		shareware binary only.
		Author:  Ed Bacon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0515
---------------------

CheckBook	Checkbook Accountant is a checkbook recording, balancing,
		budgeting, and analyzing program.  Intended to be used as
		a companion to a checkbook register and not as a replace-
		ment, this program offers a simple way of balancing check-
		books, tracking bank transactions, and recording and
		analyzing budgeted transactions.  This is version 2.0, an
		update to version 0.9 on disk 425.  Some of the new features
		include: Sort, Move, Duplicate, Program Prefs, Reoccurring
		Transaction Groups, Statistics, and Search & Replace.
		AmigaDOS 1.3 or Release 2 required.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeffrey R. Almasol

D110EdDemo	Demo version of an editor for Roland D-110.  Bulk dump is
		available.  Edited parameters are not submitted to Roland
		D-110.
		Author:  Dieter Bruns

PP		Powerpacker patcher is a small tool that patches the DOS
		library so that PowerPacker datafiles will start acting as
		if they were "normal" files.  Sample use of PP would be to
		crunch all your .info files.  They will still retain their
		functionality as long as PP is installed, and WB will never
		know the difference.  Icons are useful, but take up a lot
		of valuable disk space.  You may also use any text viewer
		or editor you desire directly on Powerpacker files!
		Version 1.0, shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Michael Berg

SetCCOPTS	Lets you easily deal with the  MANX  'CCOPTS'  environment
		variable.  You can store settings to disk.  Has a complete
		intuition interface.  This is version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Flother

CONTENTS OF DISK 0516
---------------------

Enigma		An interactive animation object that can be viewed as a
		puzzle or a game object.  The Enigma! Machine can be
		programed by the user to generate text.  Part of the
		challenge is to discover how to program it to generate
		meaningful output.  Version 1.00, binary only.
                Author:  Martin C. Kees

Loom            Simulation of an eight harness loom.  Supports 15 colors
                for warp and weft threads.  Scalable display.  Patterns
		created can be printed in draft format or saved as IFF
		files.  Version 1.00, binary only.
                Author:  Martin C. Kees

PhoneGram       Generates text from phone numbers.  Attempts to find all
		three and four letter words encoded by any phone number.
		Graphic keypad display with sound.  Version 1.01, binary
		only.
                Author:  Martin C. Kees

Quotes		Quotes is a pseudo-random quote generator.  It will scan a
		specified file of quotes, pick one at random, and display
		it.  Great for startup-sequences.  CLI-only.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Adam Evans

RexxView        Monitors messages sent to the REXX port.  Messages are
		described by task, action code and modifiers, and the
		contents of arg0 slot is displayed.  CLI utility to monitor
		the REXX IPC hub for Arexx programmers and interfacers.
		Version 1.01, includes JForth source.
                Author:  Martin C. Kees

Xl 		Demo version of a single bit-plane cel animation generator.
		Uses an onion-skin display to rough in an animation sequence.
		Has a large ARexx command set, multiple precision bezier
		curves and splines, scalable and rotatable polygons, brush
		support with blitter logic, turtle graphics and macro key
		definitions.  Requires req.library (Fox/Dawson).  Non-saving
		demo version, binary only.
		Author:  Martin C. Kees

CONTENTS OF DISK 0517
---------------------

Aequipot	A program that renders multicolor pictures using an algorithm
		based on electrostatic effects.  Renders in low-res, in high-
		res, and in two speed/quality modes.  Includes both PAL and
		NTSC versions, English and German docs.  This is version 1.15,
		an update to version 1.06 on disk 474.  Now supports saving
		pictures in IFF-ILBM format and animation rendering via script
		files.  Freeware, includes source in PCQ.  
		Author:  Juergen Matern

AmiBack		Demo version of a new backup utility.  Features include
		backup to any AmigaDOS compatible device (such as floppies,
		removable hard disks, fixed media hard disk, and tape
		drives), no copy protection, configuration files, complete
		backups, incremental backups, selective backups, file
		exclusion filter, setting of archive bit, etc.  Demo version
		does not have restore, compare, or scheduler.  Version 1.04,
		an update to version 1.03 on disk 493.  Binary only.
		Author:  MoonLighter Software

CWToy		A program like Say or SpeechToy that allows your Amiga to
		communicate in International Morse Code.  A lot of nice
		features for code practice or with a simple hardware 
		interface even useful as a keyboard program for your 
		transmitter.  Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Rob Frohne

Hex		A file-based binary file editor with lots of features.
		Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Nicola Salmoria

RussianFonts	Russian Fonts ranging from 13 points to 31 points.
                Author:  Daniel Amor

Spliner		A spline screen blanker commodity, derived from the spline
		code extracted from Tom Rokicki's Mackie and encapsulated
		into a standard AmigaDOS 2.0 commodity.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tom Rokicki, Sebastiano Vigna

CONTENTS OF DISK 0518
---------------------

AmiDock		AmiDock is an Amiga version of the NeXT's Dock facility.
		It will open up a small window on your WorkBench full
		of little IFF brushes.  Each brush represents an application,
		like an ICON, but it's a brush.  Click on the brush and your
		application will start.  This is version 1.3, an update to
		version 1.2.4 on disk 474.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Knight

Lister		Program to display information about files in various types
		of archives, such as arc, cpio, lharc, tar, zip, and zoo.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Kerry Cianos and Geoffrey Faivre-Malloy

Post		An excellent PostScript interpreter for the Amiga which
		implements the full Adobe language.  Supports type 1 and
		type 3 fonts, screen output, file output, and printer
		output.  Requires Arp library V39+ and ConMan V1.3+.  This
		is version 1.6, an update to version 1.5 on disk 468.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Adrian Aylward

CONTENTS OF DISK 0519
---------------------

AVLSort		A text file sort program, based on a general purpose AVL
		package by Mark Mallett (included).  Handles as many lines
		as will fit in memory.  Includes source.
		Author:  Robert Pyron, Mark Mallett

ChkFrag		A program that reports on the extent of file fragmentation
		in any specified directory tree.  Binary only.
		Author:  Timeus

FifoLib		FIFO: is like PIPE: but is based on fifo.library rather
		than its own implementation.  Fifo.library is a general
		fifo library implementation that supports named fifos,
		writing to a fifo from a hardware exception, multiple
		readers on a fifo with each getting the same data stream,
		efficient reading, and automatic or manual flow control.
		Programs that require non-blocking IO can access one side
		of a FIFO: connection via the fifo.library instead of the
		FIFO: device.  Version 3.1, an update to version 2 on disk
		448.  Includes some source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

OakLisp		A straight port of the OAKLISP system to the Amiga.  OAKLISP
		is a Scheme-like LISP with an object-oriented base.  An R3RS
		Scheme environment is included in the package.  Because of
		its size, the distribution is made on two disks, 519 and 520.
		Both disks are required.  Source is included.
		Author:  Kevin Lang, Barak Pearlmutter, ported by Mike Meyer

Optimizer	A disk optimizer that works on floppy disks, hard disks, and
		ram disks.  It is designed to provide safe optimization,
		moving only one block at a time.  Version 1.0, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Tim Stotelmeyer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0520
---------------------

IOBoard		Full plans for a public domain hardware project which adds
		two parallel ports and two serial ports to an Amiga 500,
		1000, or 2000, for less than $100, with the capability to
		upgrade to four ports of each type at any time.  Includes
		serial and parallel drivers with source code.  Version 2.10.
		Author:  Jeff Lavin, Dan Babcock, Paul Coward

OakLisp		A straight port of the OAKLISP system to the Amiga.  OAKLISP
		is a Scheme-like LISP with an object-oriented base.  An R3RS
		Scheme environment is included in the package.  Because of
		its size, the distribution is made on two disks, 519 and 520.
		Both disks are required.  Source is included.
		Author:  Kevin Lang, Barak Pearlmutter, ported by Mike Meyer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0521
---------------------

A68k		A 68000 assembler originally written in Modula-2 in 1985
		and converted to C by Charlie Gibb in 1987.  Has been
		converted to accept metacomco-compatible assembler source
		code and to generate Amiga objects.  This is version 2.71,
		an update to version 2.61 on disk 314.  Include source.
		Author:  Brian Anderson; C translation and Amiga work
			 done by Charlie Gibb

BatchMaster	A program that makes creation of interactive command
		scripts a lot easier.  It works as commands ASK, IF and
		SKIP together, only better.  You can have up to four
		options to skip to, and select them with a mouse, as
		BatchMaster has an Intuition interface.  This is version
		1.27.  Requires arp.library.  Binary only.
		Author:  Janne Pelkonen

CheckPrt	A small program for checking the presence of a parallel
		printer from within a script file.  Update of version
		on disk 479.  Now also includes two small tools to test
		the state of some lines of the printer port, to make it
		easier to find the source of printer problems.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

K1		An editor program for the Kawai K1-II synthesizer.  Includes
		a bankloader for single-patches and multi-patches, a single-
		patch editor, a multi-patch editor, and support for the
		effect-session and K1 controllers.  Version 5.1, an update
		to version 4.8 on disk 481.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Jung

LandScape	A simple CAD program to aid in designing garden layouts.
		First the plan is laid out, placing lawns, paths, plants,
		etc., and the program then draws a '3D' picture of what
		the garden might look like in real life, from any viewpoint. 
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Goddard

SynthSong	A song created using the freely-distributable program
                MED V.3.00.  Although quite small (63k) on disk, this one
                expands in memory once loaded, lasting almost 65 minutes.
                Player program included.
                Author:  Alex Van Starrex

T3E		Converts any text file to an executable.  The resulting
		program will only have a minimum of bytes appended (94 bytes
		for hunk structure and display-program).  The text file is
		not limited by the size.  Freeware, with source in C.
		Author:  Garry Glendown

CONTENTS OF DISK 0522
---------------------

MAK	The Mandelbrot Adventure Kit is a nicely done mandelbrot generator
	with full source code (about 18,000 lines of C code).  Includes
	some sample images along with the parameters used to generate
	them, and lots of built-in help screens.
	Author:  Steven Dillon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0523
---------------------

BMake		A GNU Make subset.  Includes pattern rules, conditionals,
		"include", function calls, etc.  This is Version 1.4,
		with source.
		Author:  Ben Eng

Conquest	Lore of Conquest is a war game similar in concept to the
		board game Risk.  You are the lord of an entire world,
		destined to rule the galaxy.  Some worlds are virgin fruits,
		ready for you to colonize.  Some worlds have natives who do
		not wish to accept your rule, these you must conquer for
		they will yield more valuable resources.  As you claim the
		galaxy you will find, you are not the only one extending
		your dominion.  This is a two-player game, so be prepared
		to defend yourself and take what is yours!  Version 1.5, an
		update to version 1.3 on disk 459.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Michael Bryant

PSGraph		A graphing program with plot previews and encapsulated
		postscript output.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Rick Golembiewski

ScreenJaeger	A screen capture program that works by scanning through
		memory, allowing you to grab screens from programs that
		don't multitask, and save them as IFF files.  Features
		include an Intuition interface, multiple bitplanes, support
		of all Amiga display modes and resolutions, CHIP and FAST
		memory, overscan, and both NTSC and PAL.  This is version
		1.0, includes full C source.
		Author:  Syd L. Bolton

SerLib		A shared library providing easy access to any serial device.
		Allows both synchronous and asynchronous access to the port.
		With support code for Lattice, Manx and Oberon.  Includes
		examples in both C and Oberon (with source) and docs in
		ASCII, DVI, and PostScript.  Shareware.
		Author:  Garry Glendown, Oberon-interface by Frank Schummertz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0524
---------------------

Kamin		Various interpreters from the book "Programming Languages,
		An Interpreter-Based Approach", by Samuel N. Kamin.  This
		distribution includes lisp, apl, scheme, sasl, clu, prolog,
		and smalltalk interpreters, automatically translated from
		Pascal to C using p2c.  Includes C and Pascal source.
		Author:  Samuel Kamin

Snap		A tool for clipping text or graphics from the screen, using
		the clipboard device.  Snap finds out character coordinates
		automatically, handles different fonts, keymaps, accented
		characters, and more.  Version 1.62, an update to version
		1.4 on disk 326.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mikael Karlsson

TAPDemo		Tumble Axis Processor is a Sculpt utility with several
		functions, including automatically aligning a path's tumble
		axes so that an object following that path will always face
		the direction of travel, and production of an easy to read
		data list containing the location of each node and the
		orientation of each of its tumble axes.  This is a fully
		functional version except that it will not function on
		paths with more than 15 nodes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Martin Koistinen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0525
---------------------

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 401-520 using the brik
		program.  These were made directly from my master disks.
		Along with the crc lists from disk 401, these lists will
		allow you to check all of the disks in the library to make
		sure they are correct and complete.
		Author:  Fred Fish

DumpHarpoon	Program that dumps the .DAT data files for the game HARPOON.
		Author:  Mark Kyprianou

MinixDemo	Demo version of minix 1.5, an operating system very similar
		to UNIX.  The full version of minix comes with source code
		for the kernel and most of the utilities.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andrew Tanenbaum, et. al.

SIOD		A small scheme interpreter (Scheme In One Defun) which can
		be used for calculations or included as a command interpreter
		or extension/macro language in other applications.  This is
		version 2.4.  Includes source.
		Author:  George Carrette

CONTENTS OF DISK 0526
---------------------

DataEasy	An easy-to-use data base program which includes a phone
		dialer, speech output, a simple screen editor for making
		and modifying the database definitions, a screen print
		function, form letter printing, sorting, searching, and
		two small sample databases.  Version 1.3, an update to
		version 1.1 on disk 417.  Binary only, source available
		from author.
		Author:  J. Dale Holt

GNUPlot		An interactive function and data plotting program which
		supports a great number of output devices.  Includes
		extensive on-line help.  Version 2.0, patch level 2.
		Includes full source along with diffs and patch program
		to generate Amiga version.
		Author:  Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley, Carsten Steger,
			 Russell Lang, Dave Kotz, John Campbell

CONTENTS OF DISK 0527
---------------------

Arq		Replaces the standard system requesters with nice animated
		requesters which you can also attach different sounds to.
		Works under AmigaDOS 1.3 or 2.0 to give all the normal
		system requesters a nice new look.  Version 1.61, binary
		only.
		Author:  Martin Laubach, Peter Wlcek, and Rene Hexel

Lister		Program to display information about files in various types
		of archives, such as arc, cpio, lharc, tar, zip, and zoo.
		Version 1.01, an update to version 1.0 on disk 518.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Kerry Cianos and Geoffrey Faivre-Malloy

MightyMouse	A very small screen blanker, mouse accelerator, mouse
		blanker, hot key, etc. utility.  Version 1.05, binary only.
		Author:  Bob Stouder

PicBase		A program that allows the user to organize and manage
		all IFF images and brushes stored on disk.  Displays a
		miniature monochrome (8 or 16 level) image of each file,
		with information such as the full pathname, the creation
		date, file size, image size and depth, display mode, and
		filenote.  The images are displayed four at a time and
		can be scrolled in realtime, manually or automatically
		sorted, presented as a slideshow, and more.  Version
		0.36, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Berro

SRegExp		A runtime library of routines for doing wildcard pattern
		matching and wildcard path matching.  It accepts a slight
		extension of the AmigaDOS wildcard syntax, including a
		"not" operator and character sets.  This is version 11.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Jon Spencer

ToolManager	ToolManager is a full featured program to add programs
		(either WorkBench or CLI) to the tools menu of the 2.x
		WorkBench.  Programs can be added by dragging their icons
		onto the ToolManager "config" window or the optional
		ToolManager icon or by editing the config file.  Requires
		Workbench 2.0.  This is version 1.4, an update to version
		1.3 on disk 476.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

Zoo		A file archiver, much like "arc" in concept, but different
		in implementation and user interface details.  Version 2.10,
		an update to version 2.00 on disk 164.  New features include
		greatly improved compression, preservation of full pathnames
		by default, and extended multi-screen help.  Binary only.
		Author:  Rahul Dhesi, Amiga port by Brian Waters

CONTENTS OF DISK 0528
---------------------

AmiOmega	Amiga port of the Omega game.  Omega is similar to hack
		or rogue, but is much more complex.  There is a city,
		several towns, a wilderness, lots of dungeons, a multitude
		of monsters, lots of spells, magic items, etc.  There are
		several quests to complete.  All in all, it is an excellent
		game.  This is version 1.5, a different port than version
		1.0 on disk 320.  Binary only.
		Author:  Laurence Brothers, Amiga port by Klavs Pedersen

CpuBlit		CpuBlit replaces the system BltBitMap routine with a version
		that uses your 68020/68030 when it is worthwhile to do so.
		This results in text scrolling twice as fast as usual, and
		in addition, the color flicker effect normally present when
		scrolling multicolor text is removed.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

FontConv	Converts MacIntosh Postscript type 1 and type 3 fonts to
		the IBM Postscript type 1 and type 3 format.  Also converts
		MacIntosh bitmap screen fonts to the Adobe binary format
		(abf).  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Knight

KeyMenu		An alternative to Intuition's method of menu selection via
		the keyboard.  Uses one key to activate the menu for the
		currently active window, the cursor keys to move through
		the menu as you choose, and the return key to select the
		desired menu item or escape key to abort selection.  Works
		with AmigaDOS 2.0 mouse accelerator and has option to blank
		Intuition's pointer.  Version 1.05, an update to version
		1.03 on disk 470.  Includes assembly source.
		Author:  Ken Lowther

SimSmart	A general purpose utility that prints the program source
		code of almost any language, so that (for example) the
		keywords are emboldened and underlined, and the comments
		are italicized.  These features are adjustable by the user,
		to suit individual taste.  Tabbing also is adjustable, to
		harmonize with the nesting depth of a particular program.
		Output may be either on the printer, the screen, or to
		another file.  SimSmart may easily be extended by the user
		to deal with extra languages.  Version 2.10, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:	 David Simon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0529
---------------------

ClockDJ		A utility which combines a clock, mouse accelerator,
		screen blanker, window manipulator, function keys, and
		macros into a single program, written in assembly
		language for maximum efficiency.  Includes an ARexx
		port.  Version 5.02, an update to version 4.07 on disk
		293.  Binary only.
		Author:  David Jenkins

MonkeyDemo	Demo version of the LucasFilm game "The Secret of Monkey
		Island".  Installable on a hard disk and multitasks as
		well.  Binary only.
		Author:  LucasFilms

TownMaze	A program that designs a town-shaped maze like the town
		"Bard's Tale I" uses.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Kent Paul Dolan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0530
---------------------

DeckBrowser	A freely redistributable player for unbound CanDo decks.
		Version 1.5, binary only.
		Author:  INOVAtronics

Dme		Version 1.45 of Matt's text editor.  Dme is a simple 
		WYSIWYG editor designed for programmers.  It is not a
		WYSIWYG word processor in the traditional sense.  Features
		include arbitrary key mapping, fast scrolling, title-line
		statistics multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.
		Update to version 1.42 on disk number 441, includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

TurboTitle	A program created for the purpose of subtitling Japanese
		animation films and to create a standard Amiga subtitle
		format.  Is perfectly suited for subtitling any foreign
		film.  Version 0.80, an update to version 0.71 on disk
		424.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Jenks

CONTENTS OF DISK 0531
---------------------

CaligariDemo	Demo version of Caligari 2.0 from Octree Software.  Requires
		a 68020/68030 and a 68881/68882.  Binary only.
		Author:  Octree Software

DisDF		Program to disable DF0-DF3 to stop that empty drive clicking
		by putting the trackdisk.device tasks in a removed state.
		Can be run from CLI, startup script or WB.  Command line
		options select drives and also remove the File System tasks
		to reduce CPU load a little more.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Patrick F. Misteli

FileSearch	This program will search an AmigaDOS volume for a specified
		file, using a filename pattern.  Useful for hard drive
		owners wanting to find a file/program quickly.  AmigaDOS
		wildcards aren't supported, `*' wildcards are.  Has an
		Intuition interface.  Version 1.5, binary only, WB2.0 only.
		Author:  Matt Crowd

Graffiti	Demo version of an art program, with a feature set somewhat
		less than DPaint but more than many other such programs.
		Has a few special functions included like autoscrolling,
		converting screens to other resolutions, changing RGB
		values of the whole screen, fast autoscrolling magnifier
		and many others.  Version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  Marcus Schiesser 

PopulousKeys	Code words and options descriptions for all 495 worlds of
		Populous (TM Electronic Arts and Bullfrog Productions).
		All information was obtained by the author's excessive
		playing of Populous.
		Author:  Kenneth Fuchs

CONTENTS OF DISK 0532
---------------------

BootPic		BootPic allows you to install nearly any IFF picture that
		you like in place of the WorkBench hand that appears after
		a reset.  Version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk
		484.  Now includes an Intuition interface.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

DataPlot	A program that plots data and algebraic functions in 2D.
		The user simply clicks on an option screen to select
		various options, such as type of marker, log or linear
		axis, auto vs manual scaling, grid lines.  The macro
		language makes similar, repetitive plots easy to do.  Data
		points can be transformed by an algebraic function prior
		to plotting.  A macro can be automatically executed upon
		start-up.  Plots in any resolution from 320x200 to 640x400.
		Plots can be saved as macro commands and IFF ILBM files.
		Prints directly to Epson compatible printers, or to any
		Preferences supported grapics printer via the PLT: device.
		This is version 2.1, a significant upgrade to version 1.0
		on disk 121.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dale Holt

SCSIMounter	An interactive, fully automated partition mounter especially
		suited for removable media SCSI drives.  SCSIMounter auto-
		matically scans the Rigid Disk Block of the drives and
		presents the user with a partition selector which allows the
		individual selection of the partitions to mount.  Requires
		Kickstart 2.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Martin A. Blatter

SCSIPrefs	A Preferences editor for the battery backed up memory in the
		Amiga 3000.  This small program allows you to change the
		bits that control some parameters of the embedded SCSI host
		adaptor.  Requires Kickstart 2.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Martin A. Blatter

TrainerMaker	A program that allows you to modify money, number of lives,
		or high scores of some games.  The game to be modified must
		be capable of multitasking.  Version 0.8, binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0533
---------------------

BootGen		This program creates a bootmenu.  You simply enter the name
		of ten programs and the program will do the rest.  When you
		boot the disk a menu will appear where you can choose one
		of ten program names, which automatically will be loaded.
		Version 3.4, binary only.
		Author:  Frank Enderle

Conquest	Lore of Conquest is a war game similar in concept to the
		board game Risk.  You are the lord of an entire world,
		destined to rule the galaxy.  Some worlds are virgin fruits,
		ready for you to colonize.  Some worlds have natives who do
		not wish to accept your rule, these you must conquer for
		they will yield more valuable resources.  As you claim the
		galaxy you will find, you are not the only one extending
		your dominion.  This is a two-player game, so be prepared
		to defend yourself and take what is yours!  Version 1.6, an
		update to version 1.5 on disk 523.  Includes enhanced galaxy
		map, instant replay option, timed turns, symmetrical universe,
		and more.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Michael Bryant

Convert		Converts an object file to a C source which can be inserted
		with '#include' in your own programs.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Frank Enderle

DosManager	You can copy, delete, move, view, show as pictures, play
		as samples, rename, ... , files with this program.  It is
		also possible to program a personal command with Dos-
		Manager.  This is version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jurgen Stohr

Icons		A bunch of 8-color icons for systems running AmigaDOS
		2.0.  Previously released 8-color icons from the author
		appeared on disk 213.
		Author:  Wolf-Peter Dehnick

OctaMEDDemo	Player program and sample songs for OctaMED, a special
		version of MED that can play 8 tracks at once on a
		standard Amiga without extra hardware.  The sound quality
		is not as high as with 4-channel sound but is good enough
		for many purposes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Amiganuts United

VTest		A simple example how to test if the AMIGA is infected by a
		Virus.  It simply checks some vectors in the Exec Base
		structure and some library routines like DoIO.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Frank Enderle

CONTENTS OF DISK 0534
---------------------

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS
		release 2.x (Kickstart 37.74 and Workbench 37.33 or higher
		required, Kickstart 37.175 and Workbench 37.52 recommended).
		Features include total configurability, full ARexx control,
		Xpr-transfer-support, filetype-identification after
		download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto up-
		and download, scrollable review buffer of unlimited size,
		solid and fully-featured VT100/VT220/ANSI emulation,
		optional fast atomic terminal emulation, hotkey support,
		powerful phonebook and dialing functions, ability to save
		and print the contents of the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII
		file, full overscan and screen resolution support (new ECS
		screen modes included), asynchronous operation and a lot
		more.  Comes with six Xpr-transfer libraries (ascii, jmodem,
		kermit, quickb, xmodem & zmodem) and documentation both in
		German and in English.  This is version 1.8a and also
		includes the full `C' and assembly language source code.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0535
---------------------

Accent		A universal accented character converter for Amiga, IBM-PC,
		MacIntosh, and C64 files written in most West European
		languages (Danish, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Islandic,
		Norwegian, Spanish, Swedish, and more.  Works with either
		ASCII or Word Perfect files.  This is a major update to
		version 1.5 on disk 454 (where it was called Vortex).
		New features include a graphical user interface, simple
		file reader, and copy option.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michel Laliberte

ArcL		A utility that lists your ZOO, ARC and LZH Archives with
		automatic type detection.  Includes german version and
		documentation.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Oliver Graf, T.O.M. Software

BizCalc		A do-it-all user friendly loan calculator that calculates
		weekly and biweekly loans.  Can generate amortization
		tables to the screen, to the printer, or to a file.  Uses
		menus, bottons, or keyboard commands, and iconifies.
		Has six decimal precision option and more.  This is
		version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk 493.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Michel Laliberte

Flat		A filing system handler which implements block-mapped filing
		devices such as available under Un*x.  Read and write calls
		are mapped to low-level system IO operations which allow to
		treat devices such as df0:, dh0:, rad:, etc. as big data
		files.  These `virtual' files can be copied, read and
		written just like any standard AmigaDOS file.  It is even
		possible to copy a whole disk with the CLI `Copy' command or
		to archive disks with LhArc and the like.  Written as a
		supplement for the Amiga `tar' program.  Version 1.3,
		includes source in `C'.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen'Barthel

Format		A replacement for the Workbench 2.x `Format' command with
		many additional features and a basic gadtools interface.
		Can be made resident and sports a number of additional
		command line options.  Also included is a code fragment
		which will correctly initialize data media of any size
		(floppy disks or hard disk partitions) which works both
		under Kickstart 1.2/1.3 and 2.x.  Version 1.1, includes
		source in `C' and assembly language.  AmigaOS 2.x required.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

FracBlank       A commodities screen blanker written for AmigaOS release
		2.x.  When running will blank the screen and start to draw
		real plane fractals such as described in the September 1986
		issue of Scientific American.  The resulting images may
		remind you of spiders' webs, lace or even the Chladnian
		patterns formed by grains of sand strewn across a vibrating
		surface.  Version 1.4, includes source in `C' and assembly
		language.  AmigaOS 2.x required.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen'Barthel

Icon	 	A tool which patches Workbench 2.x online to supply default
		icons for about 45 different file types ranging from LhArc
		archives to object code files.  Enhances the `Show All
		Files' option of Workbench which by default only knows two
		types of file icons: Tool and Project.  If enabled scans
		all files in a directory which do not have an icon file
		supplied and tries to determine their file types.  When
		done, tricks Workbench into believing that there are proper
		icons for these files in the directory.  Includes source in
		`C' and assembly language.  AmigaOS 2.x required.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

KeyMacro	A keyboard macro program, configurable via a text file, that
		also supports hotkey program execution.  You can map up to
		eight functions to each key, including keys such as cursor
		keys, the return key, etc.  Version 1.12 with a number bug
		fixes and enhancements, an update to version 1.8 on disk
		436.  Includes source in `C' and assembly language.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

SetBatt		A tool to set the configuration information saved in the
		nonvolatile ram of the A3000 clock chip.  Allows you to
		adjust the SCSI select timeout and other system settings.
		Includes source in `C' and assembly language.  AmigaOS 2.x
		required.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

termLite	A tiny, almost brain dead telecommunications program written
		for AmigaOS release 2.x.  Can be made resident, supports cut
		& paste from console window, written as a simple interface
		to the serial/parallel device driver.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in `C'.  AmigaOS 2.x required.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0536
---------------------

Chemesthetics	Chemesthetics is a program that draws molecules using the
		calotte model.  This means that atoms are drawn as bowls.
		Using this model, even extremely dangerous molecules like
		dioxine look quite nice.  Chemesthetics has an Intuition
		user interface, can save pictures as IFF files, and has
		many example files.  This is version 2.06, an update to
		version 2.00 on disk 427.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Joerg Fenin / Metalworx

IncRev		A small program for a makefile or an lmkfile, to update
		revision numbers after each successful compile process.
		(Not related to but much more powerful than the increv
		program on disk 161 by Bryan Ford.)  This is version 1.03,
		includes source in C.
		Author:  Joerg Fenin / Metalworx

PBlanker	An enhanced Workbench 2.0 commodity, replacing "Blanker".
		Can blank screen and mouse pointer separately.  This is
		version 37.04.  Needs Kickstart 37.xx.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bernd Preusing

WFile		Small but useful tool to interchange ASCII files between
		different operating systems.  Converts foreign symbols and
		adapts linefeed codes.  Can also be used to expand tabs to
		multiple spaces or vice versa.  It has builtin templates for
		interchange between the Amiga, MS-DOS and UNIX.  Profiles
		can be used for common adaptions.  Version 1.11, includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Joerg Fenin / Metalworx

CONTENTS OF DISK 0537
---------------------

AntiBorder	CLI window frame remover.  Turns your CLI window into the
		largest possible borderless window that can be displayed
		on the WorkBench screen.  I.E. Creates a 80 x 32 character
		CLI window for standard PAL Amigas.  Version 1.0, includes
		assembly source.
		Author:  Paul Hayter

BootGames	Two tiny games which fit on the bootblocks of a boot disk.
		BootOut is a Breakout style game and Squash is a squash
		type game (just like on those old TV games).  BootOut V5.X
		and Squash V4.3. Includes assembly source.
		Author:  Paul Hayter

CHIP8		CHIP8 is a programming language popularised by the RCA
		COSMAC VIP, DREAM 6800, and ETI-660 hobby computers.  It is
		one step up from machine code (actual hex codes), yet allows
		the creation of some very simple, very small games.  Version
		1.1, includes assembly source and some demo games.
		Author:  Paul Hayter

Cross           A program that creates crossword puzzles.  Has a message
                data file to allow easy translation into almost any human
                language, with English and German currently supported.
                This is version 4.1, an update to version 3.3 on disk 464.
                Major new features are several new printer drivers
                including "generic" and "LaTeX", and many minor improvements.
		Includes source in M2Amiga Modula-2.
                Author:  Jurgen Weinelt

FO		Fast Optimizer is a new optimizer for AmigaDOS disks.  It can
		optimize one disk in less than 2 min, 30 sec.  FO supports
		WorkBench or CLI modes and allows you to use unformatted disks
		as the destination.  At least 1 Mb memory required.  This is
		version v1.0.  Includes some source in C. 
		Author:  Fabien Campagne.

PaulCopy	A single drive disk copier for Amigas with 1 Meg of RAM.
		Copies the source disk completely into memory in one go.
		Will also work with 512K Amigas, yet will require multiple
		disk swaps.  Version II, includes assembly source.
		Author:  Paul Hayter

PBlanker	An ultra tiny Screen-Blanker/Mouse-Blanker/Mouse-Accelerator
		thingy.  Is about 700 bytes and doesn't have to be RUN.
		Version 1.3, includes assembly source.
		Author:  Paul Hayter

SMUSMIDI	Converts SMUS Files output by Electronic Art's Deluxe Music
		Construction Set into standard MIDI files that can be read
		by modern sequencing software.  Version 1.0, includes sample
		data files and source in C.
		Author:  Thomas E. Janzen

ZShell		A very tiny (13Kb) CLI shell modelled along the lines of CSH,
		with over 40 internal commands.  Some of its features include
		command line editing, history buffer, aliases, function key
		aliases, reverse polish calculator, multiple commands on one
		line, loops, If-Else-Endif constructs etc.  This is version
		1.30 and includes assembly source.
		Author:  Paul Hayter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0538
---------------------

BCBMusic	This is the second set of original music in the BCBmusic
		series.  This set includes the songs "Still Waiting",
		"Transpose", and "Trilogy".  Like the first set (on disk
		428), no player program is required since it is actually
		compiled in with the song.  These new songs include a new
		equalizer-style graphic display which can be toggled on
		and off.  WB2.0 compatible, binary only.
		Author:  Brian C. Berg

MatLabPatch	Patches for both Matlab and Diglib on disk 499.  The
		version of Diglib compiled for 68000 machines has some
		incorrectly compiled modules (compiled for 68020) and
		therefore causes crashes on 68000 machines.  The Plot.sub
		module compiled for 68000 machines in the Matlab archive
		was linked using the incorrect Diglib and does not run on
		68000 machines.  This update provides correctly compiled
		replacements for both those files.
		Author:  Jim Locker

NGTC		Release Two, Revision 1, of a trivia game based on "Star
                Trek: The Next Generation" TV series.  This is a bug fix
                containing a new game module.  You also need Release Two
                from disks 506 and 507, and Release One from disks 404 and
                405.  Created with The Director Version 2.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gregory Epley

CONTENTS OF DISK 0539
---------------------

DT		A "DiskTest" utility for floppy disks, la Norton Utilities.
		Version 1.12, includes source (SAS-C).
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti

PF		A CLI/Workbench interface to control an Hewlett-Packard
		DeskJet 500 printer, enabling the user to select an internal
		font and to print one or more files, or to initialize the
		printer.  Version 2.10, includes source (SAS-C)
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti

RPN		An emulation of an Hewlett-Packard pocket computer on your
		screen.  Version 1.00, includes source (SAS-C).
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti

SimpleRexx	A set of routines that handle the low level ARexx work
		for you in such a way as to have your application work
		with or without ARexx on the target system.  The goal of
		SimpleRexx is to make adding at least the minimum level
		of ARexx support to an application a trivial task.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

Uedit		A nice shareware editor with learn mode, a command
		language, menu customization, hypertext, online help,
		a teach mode, split windows, copy and paste, undo,
		features.  This is version 2.6h, an update to version
		2.6e on disk 471.  Binary only.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

VLTimer		A clock/timer window that sticks on the VLT screen (or on
		the WorkBench if VLT is not running or opened on the
		WorkBench) to check connection times (and costs). Version
		1.02, includes source (SAS-C);
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti

CONTENTS OF DISK 0540
---------------------

Browser		A "Programmer's Workbench".  Allows you to easily and
		conveniently move, copy, rename, and delete files &
		directories from a CLI environment.  Also provides a
		method to execute either Workbench or CLI programs by
		double-clicking them or by selecting them from a ParM
		like Menu with lots of arguments.  A Browser 1.6 replace-
		ment, does everything Browser 1.6 does and a lot more.
		Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

CLIExe		An XIcon style program which uses parm.library. It allows
		you to execute a script starting from WB and is completely
		CLI compatible, because it is a CLI.  Can use a real script
		file or take commands in its own TOOLTYPES.  Includes source
		in C.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier

ParM		Parameterable Menu.  ParM allows you to build menus to run
		whatever program you have on a disk.  ParM can run programs
		either in WorkBench or CLI mode.  This is an alternative to
		MyMenu which can run only when workbench is loaded.  ParM
		can have it's own little window, can attach menus to the CLI
		window you are running it from, or to the WB menus, just like
		MyMenu.  This is version 3.00, an update to version 2.5r on
		disk 419.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

PatchReq	A patch for system requesters and arp file requester.  Replace 
		arp file requester with the great req.library file requester.
		Patches AutoRequest() for requesters to appear under the
		mouse and more.  Version 1.4.  Includes source in C.
		Authors:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

Req		An enhanced version of the interface to req.library for Aztec
		C 5.0.  Pragmas supplied and glues put in a library rather
		than in an object file.  Includes source in asm.  Version 1.1.
		Author:  Pierre Carrette

SANA		Release 2 of the Standard Amiga Network Architecture device
		driver specification.  This is a specification for the device
		driver level only.
		Author:  Raymond Brand, Martin Hunt, Perry Kivolowitz

SetColors	A Palette replacement program that does a lot more in only 3K.
		Can save and load color files, and update preferences.  Update
		to version on disk 419, with bug fix.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Pierre Carrette

WBRun		A RunBack style program which use parm.library.  Runs programs
		in WB mode from any CLI. Programs are fully detached.  The
		program you run must support WB startup.  Not related to WBRun
		on disk 43.  Includes source in C.
		Authors:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

CONTENTS OF DISK 0541
---------------------

4D		Two programs for visualizing four-dimensional objects.
		The Tesseract program displays the three-dimensional
		projects of a hyper-cube (tesseract), a hyper-octahedron or
		a hyper-tetrahedron.  These can be rotated in three and
		four dimensions.  The 4D Navigator program moves you
		through the three-dimensional surface of a four-dimensional
		sphere.  Version 1.01 for both.  Binary only.  Source
		available from author.
		Author:  Jerry D. Hedden

GIFMachine	A program that will convert CompuServe GIF image files
		into IFF SHAM and 24bit ILBMs.  It offers a number of
		extra options like dithering, horizontal and vertical
		flip, as well as automatic border removal.  Requires
		KickStart version 2.0 or greater to run.  This is version
		2.137, an update to version 2.116 on disk 458.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

Llamatron	A fast action, arcade style game, guaranteed to have your
		FILE button finger dangling off at the tendons.  Hours of
		fun for you, blowing away horde after horde of alien fiends.
		Shareware, binary only.		
		Author:  Jeff Minter

MineClearer	Amiga version of the Minesweeper program under Windows 3.0.
		You are the captain of a ship and you have to clear the sea
		from mines.  Shareware, version 1.0c, binary only.
		Author:  Kopetzky Theodorich

Steal		A program that grabs parts out of a display.  It is used to
		grab parts from Intuition's structures, such as gadgets,
		menues, and screens.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Rick van Rein

Thinkamania	Playable demo version of a game like the legendary memory
		game.  Includes superb hires graphics and sound effects.
		Version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Th.Schwoeppe/D.Respondek of Z.U.L.U. Softworx

CONTENTS OF DISK 0542
---------------------

BootX           Yet another virus killer.  BootX can check the bootblock
                of a disk, check memory for any resident viruses, and
                scan a disk for link viruses.  It can load bootblock
                libraries for you to write on your disks as an alternative
                for the boring DOS install bootblock.  It can load brain
                files so you can add any new bootblocks that BootX does
                not yet recognize.  BootX is written completely in assembly
                for maximum speed and minimum size.  Fully supports
                AmigaDOS 2.0.  Version 3.80d, an update to version 3.40 on
                disk 420.  Binary only.
                Author:  Peter Stuer

ChemniMaTe	A program to make animations of chemical reactions with the
		purpose of recording it on a video tape.  It is a programming
		language, containing expressions, nested loops, etc.  It can
		handle molecules with in total up to 64 atoms, and lines
		between	atoms.  Works correctly under PAL.  Version 0.8,
		examples and source (in DICE C) included.
		Author:  Klaas van Gend

PowerSnap       A utility that allows you to use the mouse to mark characters
                anywhere on the screen, and then paste them somewhere else,
                such as in another CLI or in a string gadget.  Checks what
                font is used in the window you snap from and will look for
                the position of the characters automatically.  Recognizes all
                non proportional fonts of up to 24 pixels wide and of any
                height.  Works with AmigaDOS 2.0 in both shell and WorkBench
                environments.  This is version 1.1, an update to version 1.0
                on disk 467.  Binary only.
                Author:  Nico Francois

PP		Powerpacker Patcher is a small tool that patches the DOS
		library so that PowerPacker datafiles will start acting
		as if they were "normal" files.  Sample use of PP would be
		to crunch all ".info" files.  The icons will retain their
		functionality as long as PP is installed, and WB will never
		know the difference.  Icons are useful, but take up a lot
		of valuable disk space.  You may also use any text viewer,
		editor or IFF tool (or anything!) you desire directly on
		Powerpacker files! This is version 1.3, an update to version
		1.0 on disk 515.  Shareware, includes full source.
		Author:  Michael Berg

PPAnim		An anim player for normal IFF ANIM opt 5 (DPaint III,...)
		files or ANIM files crunched with PowerPacker.  The
		decrunching is done automatically as the file is read.
		Features many command line options, palette change during
		animation, full overscan PAL/NTSC support and yet it is
		only 7K.  Compatible with AmigaDOS 2.0.  Some new 2.0
		features (Asl requester) supported.  Version 1.0a, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 414.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PPLoadSeg	This program patches the loadseg routine to automatically
		recognize files crunched with PowerPacker.  After running
		PPLoadSeg crunched libraries and devices are still recognized
		by AmigaDOS.  You can even crunch fonts and use them as
		normally.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PPMore		A "more" replacement program that reads normal ascii text
		files as well as files crunched with PowerPacker.  The
		crunched files can result in considerable disk space savings.
		This is version 1.8, an update to version 1.7 on disk 371.
		Enhancements include a Workbench 2.0 3D look under 1.3 and
		support for the Asl requester under 2.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PPShow		A "show" program for normal IFF ILBM files or ILBM files
		crunched with PowerPacker.  The decrunching is done auto-
		matically as the file is read.  Version 1.2a, update to
		version 1.2 on disk 371, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PPType		A "print" program that will print normal ascii files or 
		files crunched with PowerPacker.  Several nice features
		such as page headers and numbers, adjustable tab sizes,
		page info taken from preferences and more.  Version 1.1a,
		update to version 1.1 on disk 371, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

RemapInfo	An icon color remapping tool that swaps the colors black and
		white.  The program runs on 1.3, but when run on 2.0 it
		supports the AppIcon feature.  It allows you to drag all icons
		you wish to remap on RemapInfo's AppIcon to recolor them.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

Selector	A program that helps you assemble programs on a boot disk
		and start them in a user friendly way by putting up a window
		with gadgets to launch programs.  Version 3.0, update to
		version 2.5 on disk 302.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

TheGuru		A program every Amiga fan should have.  Puts the guru back
		in Kickstart 2.0.  A comeback you will not want to miss.
		New features include support for virtual and public screens,
		editing of phonemes and a full gadtools interface.
		Version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 378.  Requires
		AmigaDOS 2.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

VCLI		Voice Command Line Interface (VCLI) is an Amiga voice
		recognition program that learns and recognizes a set of
		voice commands.  Each voice command is associated with an
		Amiga CLI command that is executed when an incoming voice
		command is recognized.  VCLI allows the execution of any
		Amiga CLI command by voice.  Requires the Perfect Sound 3
		audio digitizer.  This is Version 2.0 of VCLI which offers
		improved performance, improved operability, and improved
		graphics for voiceprint display.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

CONTENTS OF DISK 0543
---------------------

AudioScope	AudioScope is a realtime audio spectrum analyzer for the
		Amiga.  Use AudioScope to examine the frequency spectrum
		of any audio signal received through the PerfectSound 3
		audio digitizer.  Due to the heavy computational load, an
		accelerated Amiga is recommended.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

Badger		Reminder program for your startup-sequence.  Badger will
		open a window and display any important events that are 
		'due'.  Badger will not bother you if there is nothing to
		report.  Events are entered via menu and prompts.  This
		is version 2.05a, an update to version 2.01e on disk 432.
		Includes many new features such as event editing and
		automatic holiday notification.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  George Kerber

ColorCatch	A utility that lets you grab colors from a screen and save
		them as an executable file.  This is version 2.0, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 396.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

Day2Day		A small program which can calculate the number of days
		between two dates.  Very useful, if for example, you want
		to know how many days you have been alive.  This is version
		1.0.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

MouseXY		A small utility that shows the mouse coordinates and the
		color at that position.  It can be moved from screen to
		screen (automatically evacuates any closing screen).  Is
		able to show coordinates even when you are moving/resizing
		windows or moving Workbench icons.  This is version 1.1,
		an update to version 1.0 on disk 483.  Includes source in
		assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PictSaver	A small utility that allows you cut rectangular portions
		of any screen and store them on disk as IFF-ILBM files.
		Also allows easy saving of windows and entire screens to
		disk.  This is version 2.0, an update to 'PicSaver' version
		1.0 on disk 494.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PReader		An all purpose reader that displays text, pictures, sounds,
		and animations, all of which may be uncompressed or compressed
		with a companion compression program (not included).  Text can
		include embedded static or animated illustrations and sounds.
		Version 5.1, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

Spectrogram	Amiga Spectrogram computes a frequency analysis of any 8 bit
		audio data file and creates a high resolution color display
		showing frequency content versus time.  Display color is
		continuously adjustable.  This type of display when applied
		to the human voice has been called a voiceprint. This tech-
		nique has also been used to analyze sounds of many kinds of
		animals including birds, dolphins, whales, etc.  The audio
		data file can be replayed at any desired rate, giving a
		simultaneous audio and visual representation of the sample.
		A selection of interesting audio samples for analysis by
		Amiga Spectrogram is included.  Version 6.3, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

TD		A program like 'TrackDisplay' on disk 399 by Olaf Barthel.
		It monitors and displays the current track for each floppy
		disk connected to the Amiga.  This is version 2.0, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 483.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

WBplane		Two very small tools to change the depth of the Workbench
		screen.  AddWBplane adds a bitplane.  SubWBplane subtracts
		a bitplane.  Both can be run from both CLI and Workbench.
		This is version 1.0.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0544
---------------------

AWP		This program animates any wait pointer like the one in
		WorkBench 2.0.  It installs a vertical blank interrupt to
		minimise CPU usage and is written 100% in assembler for
		maximum efficiency.  It uses two hands for the clock, like
		it should be, and has nine different user selectable speeds.
		Requires AmigaOS 2.0.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Damian Cox

EraseDisk	A small, fast program used to erase a disk by setting all
		bits on the disk to zero.  Version 0.69, includes source
		in assembly.
		Author:  Otto Bernhart

LanderGame	Lander 3DX is an X-Specs 3D Lunar Lander game.  Maneuver
		your landing craft over a three dimensional fractal lunar
		landscape searching for a safe place to land.  Watch your
		fuel, altitude, and slope of the surface beneath you.  Fly
		your craft over, around, and behind the lunar peaks.
		Digitized sound.  Two alternate lunar scenery files
		included.  Requires X-Specs 3D glasses. Spectacular.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

RaiderGame	Raider 3DX is a classic space strategy game for X-Specs 3D.
		Search for enemy on a 3D map of the galaxy.  Warp transport
		to trouble spots and protect the Federation bases.  Blast
		the enemy with your energy torpedoes.  But watch your own
		energy reserves since you are the last hope of the galaxy.
		Digitized sound.  Amazing 3D action.  Requires X-Specs 3D
		glasses.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

TurboGIF	Demo version of a very fast GIF viewer, that is three to
		fifteen times faster than similar programs.  Currently
		TurboGIF produces very high resolution black and white
		images only.  Makes an excellent "GIF previewer" to decide
		if a particular GIF is worth spending the time converting
		with one of the other converters.  Shareware, version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Steve Borden

ZScroll		A short program which scrolls ASCII text files in a small
		window on your Workbench screen.  Includes both English
		and German versions.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Mark Zeindlinger

CONTENTS OF DISK 0545
---------------------

DrawMap		Release 3.1 of a program for drawing representations of the
		Earth's surface.  This release generates maps in any combi-
		nation of 16 colors with full user palette control, larger
		map files with national boundaries, faster generation of box
		and globe views, an improved online Help facility, provision
		for saving and printing displays, and general tightening of
		the source code. Accelerated version requiring a 68020 CPU
		and 68881 FPU also provided.  Full source code included.
		Requires 1.2 megabytes of memory.  Update to version 2.25d
		on disk 485.
		Author:  Bryan Brown.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0546
---------------------

2View		2View is a ILBM picture viewer for use under Workbench 2.0.
		It supports all standard Amiga graphics modes, ARexx, and
		both the CLI and Workbench.  A list of files to display can
		be used, or each filename can be given individually.  Each
		picture that is displayed can be shown for a specified
		amount of time, or until the user clicks on the left mouse
		button.  Version 1.11, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Budget		A program to help with managing personal finances.
		Version 1.3.3, an update to version 1.302 on disk 452.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Le Lay Serge Camille

DiskPrint	Prints disk labels (for 3.5" and 5.25" disks), primarily
                for FD library disks, with the ability to create, handle,
                load and save label library files so labels for most FD
                disks are available after a few mouseclicks.  Features
                include different label sizes, library files, directory-
                read-in, direct disk contents read-in, label library
                functions and printing labels for a whole serie of disks
                in one turn.  Works fine with every printer connected to
                the parallel port.  This is version 3.1.2, an update to
                version 2.7.2 on disk 461. Shareware, binary only.
                Author:  Jan Geissler

DSound		DSound is 8SVX sound sample player that plays samples
		directly off the hard drive.  The sound sample is played as
		it is loaded, making it possible to play sound samples of
		any length even under limited memory conditions.  Version
		0.91a, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Icons		Two collections of high-quality, consistently designed
		icons for the Amiga Workbench.  The color collections will
		require an 8 color Workbench (i.e. Workbench 2.0).  The
		black and white collections are useable on any normal 4
		color Workbench.  One set of icons is based on the icons
		supplied with the GEM windowing system, and the other set
		is modeled after the icons on a Silicon Graphics Personal
		Iris.  A bonus set of ray-traced icons is included.
		Author:  Kenneth Jennings

WBLink		WBLink corrects a deficiency in Workbench 2.0: the inability
		to create links to files and directories from Workbench.
		WBLink puts an 'AppIcon' on the Workbench screen that makes
		a link to any file or directory that is dropped on it.  For
		Workbench 2.0 or later.  Version 1.00, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0547
---------------------

EasyExpress	A compiler tool for the users of Charlie Gibbs' A68k
		assembler and The Software Distillery's BLink.  EasyExpress 
		does the same job better than your batch file and is much
		easier to change for current use.  If you use many object
		files, EasyExpress can make your life much easier.  You can
		do almost everything via mouse and just watch how easily
		the compilation of your program happens.  Binary only.
		Author:  Juha Lindfors

FindName	A program to be used in scripts.  It allows you to verify
		the presence of certain structures in RAM.  You can currently
		search for devices, libraries, memory, messageports, resources
		and tasks.  The search is done by name.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

MMBShift	A program that lets you use the middle mouse-button (MMB)
		(on a three-button mouse) as a SHIFT-key when selecting
		multiple icons on the Workbench.  Only uses 166 bytes of
		memory.  Version 1.0, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

PowerSource	A program for creating and editing intuition gadgets and
		menus.  Previously known as GadgetED (disk 475).  Includes
		a palette editor, generation of either C or assembly source,
		and binary saving for later loading and editing.  This is
		version 3.0, includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

RMBShift	A program that lets you use the right mouse-button (RMB)
		as a SHIFT-key when selecting multiple icons on the
		Workbench.  Only uses 174 bytes of memory.  Version 1.0,
		includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

VideoMaxe	A program to manage one's private video tape collection.
		Both program and documentation are in German; no English
		version at this time.  Version 3.00, binary only.
		Author: Stephan Surken

View		A text displayer with many controls and features including
		searches, file requestors, jump to editor etc.  This is
		version 1.3, an update to version 1.0 on disk 504.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Jan Van Den Baard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0548
---------------------

FreePaint	A freely redistributable painting program, much like the
		popular DPaint program.  Version 35z, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan G. Boldorf

LabelMaker	Allows you to create fancy, full sized, colored labels for
		3.5" floppy disks.  Version 1.5, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan G. Boldorf

MambaMove	A game with the goal of moving an apple eating snake
		inside four walls until an exit appears.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan G. Boldorf

MultiInstall	A script driven program for the installation of larger
		program packages.  Executes CLI like script files in a
		simple language.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan G. Boldorf

SandGlass	A program to animate the original Workbench busy pointer.
		Only for Workbench/Kickstart up to version 1.3.  Version
		1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Dirk Remmelt

TG		No system without a graphical user interface is complete
		without an "Eyes" program.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Geib

CONTENTS OF DISK 0549
---------------------

Bugs		Another gag-program.  Be careful!  It may distroy graphics,
		but nothing else!  Can be stopped by pressing the firebutton
		of a joystick in port 1.  Includes source in Modula II.
		Author:  Robert Brandner

FFEX		Another program for fractals.  Lots of features.  Uses an
		interesting algorithm for extra speed.  Source includes
		modules for reading/writing ILBM pictures, and for using the
		ARP filerequester in modula.  Version 4.0.
		Author:  Robert Brandner

FontList	Prints a list of the fonts in the FONTS: device to the
		printer.  Prints name, available sizes and some text using
		the specified font.  Includes source in Modula II.
		Author:  Robert Brandner

M2Icons		New Icons for the M2Amiga System.  Includes a script for
		easy installation.
		Author:  Robert Brandner

MouseMagic	A little gag-program.  Can be stopped by closing its window.
		Includes source in Modula II.
		Author:  Robert Brandner

Reversi		Version of the well known game.  Features an 'intelligent'
		computer opponent.  Includes source in Modula II.
		Author:  Robert Brandner

VerseWise	Gospel (Matthew, Mark, Luke, & John) version 1.0 of a Bible
		view/output/search program.  Opening a resizeable window on
		the Workbench screen, it allows the user to jump to any
		specific verse, output scripture to a disk file, or find
		verses containing one or more specific words.  It uses the
		King James Version of the Bible, compressed.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bruce Geerdes

CONTENTS OF DISK 0550
---------------------

BeBopDemo	A demonstration version of the commercial game BeBop 'N Drop.
		BeBop 'N Drop is a real-time graphical arcade puzzle game, a
		greatly enhanced version of the popular shareware game Obsess-
		O-Matic.  The object is to fit the falling pieces together in
		such a way as to form complete horizontal rows, which will
		then disappear off of the board.  BeBop 'N Drop contains 77
		different levels of play, each with a different shape board.
		The game contains over 800 different playing pieces, more
		than 450K of digitized sound, and many interesting visual
		effects.  Binary only.
		Author:  Wayne Phillips

ICalc		An expression calculator with many powerful features, in-
		cluding user-defined functions and variables, many built-in
		functions, script files, and special looping constructs.
		Handles expressions involving both real and complex numbers.
		This is version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 472.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Martin Scott

CONTENTS OF DISK 0551
---------------------

ARTM		Amiga Real Time Monitor displays and controls system activity
		such as tasks, windows, libraries, devices, resources, ports,
		residents, interrupts, vectors, memory, mounts, assigns,
		locks, fonts, hardware und res_cmds.  This is version 1.3, an
		update to version 1.0 on disk 327.  Sharware, binary only.
		Author:  Dietmar Jansen and F. J. Mertens

CWeb		A programming tool that allows you to program top down, by
		splitting your program into many small, and understandable
		modules which ctangle tangles into a compiler understandable
		file.  By apply cweave to the program you can produce a
		pretty-printed listing for processing with TeX.  This is
		version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Donald Knuth, Silvio Levy, port by Carsten Steger

ToolManager	ToolManager is a full featured program to add programs
		(either WorkBench or CLI) to the tools menu of the 2.x
		WorkBench.  Programs can be added by dragging their icons
		onto the ToolManager "config" window or the optional
		ToolManager icon or by editing the config file.  Requires
		Workbench 2.0.  This is version 1.5, an update to version
		1.4 on disk 527.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

WBGauge		A utility to patch AmigaOS 2.0 to bring back the little
		gauge in the left border of disk windows, showing the ratio
		of available space on the disk.  Version 1.2, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 417.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jean-Michel Forgeas

CONTENTS OF DISK 0552
---------------------

GNUPlot		An interactive function and data plotting program which
		supports a great number of output devices.  Includes
		extensive on-line help.  This is version 3.0, an update
		to version 2.0 on disk 526.  New features include support
		for surfaces, more flexible data file handling, unified
		PostScript support, and more.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley, et. al.

TaskPri		A small CLI command that allows you to set task priorities
		from the command line.  Useful for your startup-sequence.
		AmigaDOS 1.3 and 2.0 compatible.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Steve Anderson

TSFSuite	A suite of programs to allow use of a Teac SCSI Floppy on
		the Amiga.  Included are programs to set the mode to 1,2
		or 4 Meg [TSFMx], to format to 1,2 or 4 Meg [TSFFx], a
		utility that does disk changes for you [TSFADC], and a SCSI
		exerciser to explore the controllers on the SCSI bus. Source
		is available upon request.
		Author:  Harvey Taylor

CONTENTS OF DISK 0553
---------------------

24BitTools	Three conversion programs to manipulate 24-bit images.
		IFF24To8 converts 24-bit IFF images to 8-bit IFF images,
		Pro2BMP converts 24-bit 3D-Professional format images
		into 24-bit ".BMP" files that Microsoft Windows can
		understand, and Pro2IFF converts 24-bit 3D-Professional
		format images into the more useful 24-bit IFF format.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dallas Hodgson

AddMenu		A program to add infinite number of menus to the Tools menu
		on Workbench V2.0.  Uses the correct Workbench.library calls
		and allows updating from CLI or from within the menu itself,
		meaning infinite number of functions.  Version 1.54, update
		to V1.50 on disk 501.  Binary only, souce available from
		author.  
                Author:  Nic Wilson

AutoCLI		A 'PopCLI' type replacement that works with WorkBench 2.0
                and fully compatible with A3000 & accelerator boards.  Always
		retains the default path and stack, and current directory.
		Can automatically open CLI/SHELL windows to 1 pixel less than
		screen size on opening.  New functions include spline pattern-
		ing on blanking, more function keys, mouse activated screen
		shuffle, close gadgets on Shell windows and more as many users
		have requested.  Version 1.99n, an update to version 1.99d on
		disk 501.  Binary only.
                Author:  Nic Wilson

FAFF		Specification for the FAFF spreadsheet file format used by the
		Gold Disk products "Professional Calc", "The Advantage",
		"Office Calc" and "Office Graph".  Describes version 2.0 of
		FAFF.  This information should allow 3rd party developers to
		create and use files that are compatible with ProCalc.
		Author:  Michal Todorovic / Gold Disk

RoadRoute	A program that determines from a user modifiable data base,
		the shortest and fastest routes between two cities.  This
		is a German version of the distribution on disk 504, with
		2641 German cities (towns, hamlets, etc) and 5555 connecting
		roads.  Requires 1Mb.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jim Butterfield, Gunter Kirrbach

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  This program has been very popular with many users
		around the world and has been fully updated to include many
		new functions as requested by users.  This is version 2.40,
		an update to version 2.22 on disk 502.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0554
---------------------

Amastermind	A mastermind type game written in AMOS and compiled so that
		it can be run from workbench.  Fully mouse and menu driven.
		Features choice of 6 to 10 colors with 4 to 8 holes.  This
		is version 1.1, shareware, binary only.  Full source avail-
		able from author.
		Author:  Andrew Kreibich.

IFSgen		An Iterated Function System generator.  Generates pictures
		of ferns, trees, galaxies, snowflakes and many others using
		IFS codes (a type of fractal).  Features full mouse control
		of the functions which define the picture.  Just point the
		mouse at one of the parts of the shape and drag it around the
		screen.  Fully menu driven, with the ability to load and save
		IFF pictures and the codes that generate them.  Fine tune
		codes and move them around the screen, zoom in and out and
		much more.  Lots of example files.  Written in AMOS and
		compiled so that you can run it from WorkBench.  Version 2.1
		shareware version with saves disabled, binary only.  Requires
		1 Mb of memory or more.  Full source code available when you
		register.
		Author:  Andrew Kreibich

Landmine	A game of logic.  A number of landmines are buried in the
		playing field and you need to work out where they are, avoid
		them, and clear the rest of the field to get maximum points
		and advance to the next level.  Written in compiled AMOS,
		requires 1Mb of memory or more.  This is version 1.0, share-
		ware, binary only.  Full source available from author.
		Author:  Perry Rosenboom

Landscape	A fractal scenery generator written in AMOS and compiled
		so that it can be run from workbench.   Features many user
		adjustable parameters such as height, sea, tree and snow
		levels, beaches, lighting angles, and palette. 2D (contour
		map) and 3D rendering.  Some example sets of parameters
		provided.  Ability to render in 5 different resolutions so
		that fast (10 seconds) previewing of a scene is possible.
		Fully detailed scenes take about 30 minutes.  Version 1.1,
		shareware (saves disabled), binary only.  Requires 1 Meg.
		Full source code available from author.
		Author:  Andrew Kreibich.

LVD		A first defense utility against file and linkviruses.  It
		patches the LoadSeg vector(s) and checks every executable
		that comes along.  Recognizes 25 file or so linkviruses.
		Version 1.61, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

SubAttack	A "shoot the ships" type of game based on an old arcade game
		where you have to fire your torpedos at the right time, so
		that they strike a ship as the ships move across the screen.
		This is version 1.0, shareware, binary only.  Written in
		compiled AMOS.  Full source available from author.  Requires
		1Mb or more of memory.
		Author:  Perry Rosenboom

CONTENTS OF DISK 0555
---------------------

EasyColor	A color palette tool that you can use in your own programs.
		Works with any screen depth and type.  Includes a usable
		demo.  This is version 1.1, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

FED		A binary file editor with lots of options.  This is version
		1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Jansen

FlashCopy	A multitasking friendly disk copier that can make nibble
		copies as well as standard DOS copies in about 75 seconds.
		Version 0.9, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Jansen

HPMode		A script file that sets fonts, attributes and some printer
		commands for the Hewlett Packard DeskJet 500 printer.  It
		accesses some features of the DeskJet that are difficult to
		set from preferences or the printer.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Doris Ballard

RMBShift	A program that lets you use the right mousebutton (RMB)
		as a SHIFT-key.  Useful when selecting multiple icons on the
		Workbench.  Only uses 268 bytes of memory.  This is version
		2.0, an update to 1.0 on disk 547.  However it is completely
		different from 1.0.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

TheA64Package	A comprehensive emulator/utility package to assist Commodore
		64 users in upgrading to the Amiga.  This package compares to
		or surpasses the commercially available packages of the same
		nature.  Many of the utilities require a hardware interface
		that allows the Amiga to access C64 peripherals such as disk
		drives and printers.  The hardware interface available from
		QuesTronix.  This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk 379, and includes many new features.  Binary only.
		Author:  Cliff Dugan, QuesTronix

CONTENTS OF DISK 0556
---------------------

ASMOneDemo	A demonstration version of the commercial assembly develop-
		ment package "ASM-One", with save disabled.  Provides editor,
		macro-assembler, optimizer, monitor and debugger.  Can be
		controlled via mouse or keyboard.  Includes assembly include
		files and offsettables.  Many documentated examples provided.
		V1.02, binary only.
		Author:  Rune Gram-Madsen, DMV-Verlag

Scheme2C	A Scheme compiler which accepts the language defined in the
		essential portions of Revised Report on Algorithmic Language
		Scheme, with minor constraints and some additions.  The
		compiler produces C source files which are then compiled
		using the system's C compiler (Lattice C 5.10 on the Amiga)
		to produce conventional object and executable files.  Because
		of the size of the distribution, it has been split onto three
		disks as follows: source and documentation archives on 556,
		M68000 binary archive on 557, and M68020 binary archive on
		558.  This Amiga port was done by Mike Meyer, based on the
		28-Sep-90 version of the translator.
		Author:  Digital Equipment Corporation

VirusChecker	A virus checker that can check memory, disk bootblocks, and
		all disk files for signs of most known viruses.  Can remember
		nonstandard bootblocks that you indicate are OK and not bother
		you about them again.  Includes an ARexx port.  Version 5.30,
		binary only.
		Author:  John Veldthuis

CONTENTS OF DISK 0557
---------------------

AutoCentre	A utility for AmigaDOS 2.0 that will automatically center any
		new screens that are opened.  This is especially useful when
		you have an overscanned WorkBench screen under 2.0 but find
		that a lot of applications still open on a 640 wide screen
		that is aligned with the left edge of the screen.  With this
		program, these screens will be centered as they are opened.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Colin Bell

DPatch		This program allows you to change the default overscan sizes
		used in DeluxePaint 3.25 & 4.02.  This is especially useful
		for loading in old animations created with Dpaint 3.14 and
		animations created in other programs whose screen sizes do
		not match the default Dpaint sizes. 
		Author:  Colin Bell

Scheme2C	A Scheme compiler which accepts the language defined in the
		essential portions of Revised Report on Algorithmic Language
		Scheme, with minor constraints and some additions.  The
		compiler produces C source files which are then compiled
		using the system's C compiler (Lattice C 5.10 on the Amiga)
		to produce conventional object and executable files.  Because
		of the size of the distribution, it has been split onto three
		disks as follows: source and documentation archives on 556,
		M68000 binary archive on 557, and M68020 binary archive on
		558.  This Amiga port was done by Mike Meyer, based on the
		28-Sep-90 version of the translator.
		Author:  Digital Equipment Corporation

Warp Speed	A program that will present you with an animated view out
		the window at a vehicle moving at 'Warp Speed.'  This program
		was developed as a C language learning tool by the author.
		Version 1.0, includes all source.
		Author:  Doug Petercsak

CONTENTS OF DISK 0558
---------------------

BTNtape		A "Better Than Nothing" SCSI tape device handler.  Provides
		flat file access to a SCSI tape drive from application
		programs using simple DOS calls to Read() and Write().  It
		can also be used with the Amiga TAR utility for disk backups.
		Requires a "SCSI-direct" compatible SCSI bus adapter.  This
		is version 2.1, an update to version 2.0 on disk 471.  It
		fixes a number of bugs, and includes some new features such
		as appending files to existing tapes.  Includes source.
		Author:  Robert Rethemeyer

DisDF		Program to disable DF0-DF3 to stop that empty drive clicking
		by putting the trackdisk.device tasks in a removed state.
		Can be run from CLI, startup script or WB.  Command line
		options select drives and also remove the File System tasks
		to reduce CPU load a little more.  This is version 1.1, an
		update to version 1.0 on disk 531.  Includes source.
		Author:  Patrick F. Misteli

Scheme2C	A Scheme compiler which accepts the language defined in the
		essential portions of Revised Report on Algorithmic Language
		Scheme, with minor constraints and some additions.  The
		compiler produces C source files which are then compiled
		using the system's C compiler (Lattice C 5.10 on the Amiga)
		to produce conventional object and executable files.  Because
		of the size of the distribution, it has been split onto three
		disks as follows: source and documentation archives on 556,
		M68000 binary archive on 557, and M68020 binary archive on
		558.  This Amiga port was done by Mike Meyer, based on the
		28-Sep-90 version of the translator.
		Author:  Digital Equipment Corporation

CONTENTS OF DISK 0559
---------------------

Addresser	A small name, address and phone number filer that supports
		mail merging, auto dialing (with a modem), searching and label
		printing.  Quite handy for keeping mailing lists.  This is
		version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Kelly

APIG		An ARexx external function library similar to RexxArpLib.
		The APIG.LIBRARY provides the ARexx programmer with access
		to most of the resident Graphic, Intuition, and Layer library
		functions.  This library allows one to create the underlying
		data structures that are used by the Graphic/Intuition library
		functions.  These data structures are then used with other
		library functions to create custom INTUITION screens and
		windows.  Version: 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Ronnie E. Kelly

Aquarium	A program for searching through a special database contain-
		ing information about the contents of the library, in order
		to find programs that match a specified list of conditions.
		Includes a database of disks 1-550 and two programs to add
		the contents of future disks to the database, one by Silvano
		Oesch and the other by B. Lennart Olsson.  Aquarium version
		1.15, Olsson NewFish version 1.13, and Oesch NewFish version
		2.6.  Binary only.
		Author:  B. Lennart Olsson and Silvano Oesch

RexxRMF		An ARexx external function library which provides keyed file
		access using AVL trees.  With this library one can index data
		files for fast search/retrieval of data records.  The record
		management functions allow for variable length keys, variable
		length records, variable number of fields per record, multiple
		indices on a single file, duplicate or unique keys, passing of
		record data directly to/from ARexx variables, etc.  This is
		version 0.5, binary only.
		Author:  Ronnie E. Kelly

CONTENTS OF DISK 0560
---------------------

BootX		An easy to use boot, file and link virus killer with a
		KickStart 2.0 look (even under KickStart 1.3).  Has lots
		of options to detect and kill Amiga viruses.  Version 4.02,
		an update to version 3.80d on disk 542.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

Llamatron	A fast, original rendering of the eighties 'Robotron' by
		Williams.  It features over 100 levels, sampled sound,
		single player mode, 2-player team and individual modes, 
		droid-sidekick modes, 2-joystick console mode, dozens of
		different, weird enemies and an abstract sense of humor.
		Includes two versions, a 512K version and a 1Mb version
		with better samples.  This is version 1.0, an update to
		the copy on disk 541, which was also version 1.0, but was
		missing the 512K version file.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Minter

MuchMore	Another program like "more", "less", "pg", etc.  This one
		uses its own screen to show the text using a slow scroll.
		Includes built-in help, commands to search for text, and
		commands to print the text.  Works with PAL or NTSC, in
		normal or overscan modes.  Supports 4 color text in bold,
		italic, underlined, or inverse fonts.  Version 3.0, this
		is an update to version 2.7 from disk 378.  Includes source
		in Oberon and assembly code.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

STScan		A utility program for using a Siemens ST 400 SCSI flatbed
		scanner with the Amiga.  Can be adapted to other scanners
		and serves as an example of scsi-direct access to scsi
		devices.  Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Frank-Christian Kruegel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0561
---------------------

PPLib		A shared library to make life easy for people who wish to
		write programs that support PowerPacker.  Loading crunched
		files from C or assembly is made fast, short and easy.
		This is version 35.255, an update to version 34.2 on disk
		414.  Includes source.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PPMore		A "more" replacement program that reads normal ascii text
		files as well as files crunched with PowerPacker.  The
		crunched files can result in considerable disk space savings.
		This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.8 on disk 542.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

PPShow		A "show" program for normal IFF ILBM files or ILBM files
		crunched with PowerPacker.  The decrunching is done auto-
		matically as the file is read.  Version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.2a on disk 542, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

ReqTools	A standard Amiga shared runtime library which makes it a
		lot quicker and easier to build standard requesters into
		your programs.  Designed with CBM's style guidelines in
		mind, so that the resulting requesters have the look and
		feel of AmigaDOS 2.0.  Version 1.0a, includes source.
		Author:  Nico Francois

SuperDuper	A very fast disk copier and formatter.  Can make up to four
		unverified copies from a ram buffer in 36 seconds.  Verified
		copies from a ram buffer take 67 seconds for one destination
		drive, plus 34 seconds for each additional destination.
		Version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 488.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

ToolsDeamon	Allows you to run programs simply by selecting a menu item
		from the tools menu of WorkBench 2.0.  Both shell and
		WorkBench programs are supported, including arguments and
		tool types for both.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0562
---------------------

CLIsizer	A little hack to allow you to easily resize the WorkBench
		screen from any CLI or Shell window.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Torsten Jurgeleit

Degrader	Degrades your machine to try and get badly written programs
		to work.  Locks out fast memory, turns off cache and burst
		modes, traps privilege errors, forces PAL or NTSC modes,
		etc.  Survives reset.  Version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

Filer		An excellent shareware filemanager featuring buffered
		directories, soft- and hardlink support, configurable by
		ASCII file and much more.  This is a demo version with
		some minor features disabled.  Needs KickStart 2.0.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Scheler

Fkeys		Adds window and screen switching functions to the function
		keys in conjunction with the left Amiga key.  For example,
		use the left-Amiga + F10 to get help and a remove requester.
		Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Torsten Jurgeleit

Intuisup	A shared library with support routines for using texts,
		borders, gadgets, menus, and more.  Version 2.0, includes
		source to library and test programs.
		Author:  Torsten Jurgeleit

ShowGuru	Recognizes 168 different guru numbers and translates them
		to "human understandable form".  Can also print the result.
		Version 2.1.b, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Carstens

CONTENTS OF DISK 0563
---------------------

bBaseII 	A simple database program using an intuition interface.
		Stores, sorts and searches for information.  Limited to
		9 fields in each record.  Features include fast sorting,
		search in any field, and best of all, it's really easy to
		use.  This is version 5, an update to version 1 on disk
		491, and is much improved.  Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

Kpri		Another NEC-p6 intuition frontend to choose several print
		styles and add a title line on the top of the page.  You
		can split your text files into their odd and even pages and
		print on both sides of the paper.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Koessi

M2Midi		A Modula-2 interface to Bill Barton's v2.0 "midi.library".
		This is version 1.03.  Includes source in Modula-2.
		Author:  Jrgen Zimmermann

Menu2Asm	A module for A+L AG's Modula-2 compiler "M2Amiga V4.0" that
		automatically creates modules for pre-initialized menus for
		the use with this Modula-2 compiler.  Requires A68k by
		Charlie Gibbs or any compatible assembler.  This is version
		1.0.  Includes source in Modula-2.
		Author:  Jrgen Zimmermann

MidiKeyboard	A program that makes it possible to play MIDI keyboards
		connected to the Amiga with a MIDI interface via mouse or
		computer keyboard.  It is possible to control up to 16 notes
		independently with the computer keyboard.  Requires Bill
		Barton's "midi.library", V2.0 or higher.  This is version
		1.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jrgen Zimmermann

ReqLibrary	A Modula-2 interface to Colin Fox's and Bruce Dawson's
		"req.library" v2.5.  This is version 1.01.  Includes source
		in Modula-2.
		Author:  Jrgen Zimmermann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0564
---------------------

ALoad		A program similar to XWindow's XLoad to display the load-
		factor on your Amiga.  Requires KickStart 2.0.  This is
		version 1.1b, includes source.
		Author:  Alexandru-Aurel Balmosan
		
DisKey		A sector oriented disk monitor with lots of useful features
		like disassembler, user-friendly ASCII and hex editing
		facility, and extensive search options.  Useful for salvaging
		data from damaged disks, or for learning about the inner
		workings of AmigaDOS.  Supports req.library, and external
		diassembler libraries.  Can be iconified to conserve memory.
		Comes bundled with German and English documentation and a
		multilingual user interface.  On NTSC machines, DisKey will
		be forced to interlace mode.  The version on this disk is
		2.1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Angela Schmidt

DoPro		This program patches the intuition OpenScreen routine to
		change the ViewMode of a new screen, eg. to open a NTSC
		instead of a PAL screen or to use Productivity instead of
		an interlaced display.  In fact, you can change most para-
		meters in the NewScreen structure.  This is version 1.5,
		includes source.
		Author:  Michael Illgner

MSCalendar	A little calendar utility and a MClk-like MemoryClock in one
		program.  It works fine with KickStart 2.0.  Includes both
		English and German versions.  This is version 1.10, includes
		source.
		Author:  Markus Stipp

CONTENTS OF DISK 0565
---------------------

AddMenu		A program to add infinite number of menus to the Tools menu
		on Workbench V2.0.  Uses the correct Workbench library calls
		and allows updating from CLI or from within the menu itself,
		meaning infinite number of functions.  This is version 1.56,
		an update to version 1.54 on disk 553.  Binary only.
                Author:  Nic Wilson

CanDoDemos	Demos of the capabilities of CanDo, an interactive software
		authoring package utilizing graphics, sounds, buttons, menus,
		etc, and a powerful, easy to use scripting language.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  INOVAtronics

PCompress	A gimmick free and very easy to use program for most com-
		pression requirements.  Uses the latest LZH compression
		algorithms and aims at the optimum mix of efficiency/speed/
		memory usage.  Can handle single files, whole drawers, disks,
		or selected files or types of file within drawers and disks.
		In PACK mode it can consolidate files into less space than
		whole-disk compression tools or archivers.  Version 5.1,
		binary only.
		Author:  Chas A.Wyndham, LZW code by Barthel/Krekel

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  This program has been very popular with many users
		around the world and has been fully updated to include many
		new functions as requested by users.  This is version 2.51,
		an update to version 2.40 on disk 553.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0566
---------------------

AM		Algorithmic music generator.  Produces MIDI output via
		Bill Barton's midi.library.  This is version 1.1.  Requires
		OS 2.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

ApfelKiste	"Apfelkiste" is yet another mandelbrot program, but very
		fast and simple to use.  It has special assembly routines
		for fixpoint calculation.  Includes versions for 1.3 and
		2.0, 68000 and 68030 each.  Full source (C/Assembler)
		included.
		Author:  Michael Bhnisch

Bomber		Amiga version of the MacIntosh game called "Bombs".  This
		is version 1.2.  Requires OS 2.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

FoCo		Format controller.  A graphical user interface for disk
		formatting.  Pops up on disk insertion or via hotkey.
		This version 1.1.  Requires OS 2.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0567
---------------------

AmigaMail	A collection of source code listings from the first eight
		issues of Amiga Mail Volume II, published by the Commodore
		Amiga Technical Support group (CATS), from Sept 1990 to
		Nov 1991.  Lots of very useful examples.
		Author:  Various

AutoCLI		A 'DMouse' type replacement that works with WorkBench 2.0
		and fully compatible with A3000 & accelerator boards.  Always
		retains the default path and stack, and current directory.
		Can automatically open CLI/SHELL windows to 1 pixel less than
		the current screen size on opening.  New functions include
		spline patterning on blanking, toggle freeze mouse, more
		function keys, mouse activated screen shuffle, close gadgets
		on Shell windows, and more as many users have requested.
		This is version 2.06, an update to version 1.99n on disk
		553.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

DiskPrint	Prints disk labels (for 3.5" and 5.25" disks), primarily
		for FD library disks, with the ability to create, handle,
		load and save label library files so labels for most FD
		disks are available after a few mouse clicks.  Features
		include different label sizes, intuition based directory-
		read-in, label library functions and multiple print of
		any label or FD disk serie.  Works fine with every printer
		connected to the parallel port and AmigaOS 1.2/1.3/2.0.
		This is version 3.4.3, an update to version 3.1.2 on
		disk 546.  Both English and German versions.  Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Jan Geissler

MouseAideDEMO	A demo version of a "Mouse" utility with all the standard
		functions; mouse acceleration with threshold, window and
		screen manipulation by mouse and keyboard, mouse and screen
		blanking, SUN (auto-activation) mouse, user definable "hot
		key" command, etc...   Also has functions other mouse
		programs do not, such as multi-icon-select with only the
		mouse, left and right button swapping, mouse port switching,
		WorkBench to the front function, freezing of the mouse and
		keyboard of all input, etc.  Written in assembly language
		for efficiency in size and CPU usage.  Version v2.56a,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas J. Czarnecki

SetRamsey	A program that allows you to test the current settings of
		the RAMSEY ram controller chip on an Amiga 3000 under
		Kickstart 1.3 or 2.0, and change them if you wish.  Useful
		for hardware debugging to control static column mode, burst
		mode, or change the refresh rate.  Version 1.50, update to
		version 1.02 on disk 423.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0568
---------------------

CalorieBase	A program designed to provide a caloric and fat count for
		recipes which do not provide this information.  It can also
		quickly give the calories for a specific food or total the
		calories you consume throughout the day.  Version 1.1,
		binary only.
		Author:  Mike Richan

Schoonschip	A pioneering algebraic manipulation program which has been
		used in particle physics and continuously developed since
		late 1963.  Not as friendly as Mathematica or Maple, with
		no graphics or intuition interface and not as much built
		in, but still a general purpose algebraic manipulation
		language.  Written in machine language to run fast and be
		memory efficient.  Capable of handling large problems.
		Includes large and small workspace versions, tutorial
		examples, sample programs, and a comprehensive manual.
		Version 5-Oct-91, binary only.
		Author:  Martinus J. G. Veltman and David N. Williams

VMK		What makes this program is its ability to detect new
		viruses as they come along.  Simple quick easy way to stay
		virus free.  Tiny quick and very intelligent memory
		detector/killer for your startup-sequence.  This is V1.10,
		an update to version 1.0 on disk 510.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

CONTENTS OF DISK 0569
---------------------

PPLoadSeg	This program patches the loadseg routine to automatically
		recognize files crunched with PowerPacker.  After running
		PPLoadSeg crunched libraries and devices are still recognized
		by AmigaDOS.  You can even crunch fonts and use them as
		normally.  Version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk
		542.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

SonicArranger	Demo version of a music program that supports sampled and
		synthesized instruments as well as sound and note transposes
		for patterns.  The optimizer can be used to reorganize the
		internal data structure of a song.  SonicArranger allows 254
		instruments created from 64 sampleslots, 64 synthetic waves,
		adsr's, lvo's and sound effects.  Can also load and convert
		noisetracker 2.0 compatible song modules.  Version 1.36b,
		binary only.
		Author:  Carsten Schlote

Spliner		A spline screen blanker commodity derived from Tom Rokicki's
		Mackie utility, with a programmable pattern change timeout.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Tom Rokicki and Sebastiano Vigna

TrackMaster	A small tool to help game developers create selfbooting,
		trackdisk loading gamedisks.  Trackmaster uses a script
		file to process datafiles (join, compress, relocate,
		special actions).  The processed data is written to disk
		via trackdisk.device.  A bootblock for the first datafile,
		which should be a pc-relative loader, and a file look up
		table, is created and written to disk.  Manual and source
		included.  Version 1.7.
		Author:  Carsten Schlote

CONTENTS OF DISK 0570
---------------------

DirWork		A fast, small, efficient, DirUtility.  Configurable options
		and buttons, as well as all the usual features.  Comes with
		external configuration editor.  This is version 1.43, an
		update to version 1.31 on disk 511.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

Fass		A program which lets you reassign the FONTS: directory at
		the touch of a few keys without having to use the CLI.
		Version 1.02, includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

GadToolsBox	A program that lets you draw/edit GadTools gadgets and menus
		and then generates the corresponding C or assembly code for
		you.  This is version 1.0, an update to the version on disk
		547, where it was known as PowerSource.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

MenuLock	A program that lets you "lock" the menu strip of a window
		at the touch of a few keys, making it easier to browse the
		menu without accidentally selecting anything.  Version 1.01,
		includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

View		A text displayer with many controls and features including
		searches, file requestors, jump to editor etc.  This is
		version 1.5, an update to version 1.0 on disk 504, with a
		few bugs fixed and some new features.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jan Van Den Baard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0571
---------------------

AutoCLI		A 'DMouse' type replacement that works with WorkBench 2.0
		and fully compatible with A3000 & accelerator boards.  Always
		retains the default path and stack, and current directory.
		Can automatically open CLI/SHELL windows to 1 pixel less than
		the current screen size on opening.  New functions include
		spline patterning on blanking, toggle freeze mouse, more
		function keys, mouse activated screen shuffle, close gadgets
		on Shell windows, and more as many users have requested.
		This is version 2.12, an update to version 2.06 on disk
		567.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CPUSet		A small assembler utility to manipulate the various cache
		modes of the 68040, 68030 and 68020 processors.  The copy-
		back mode of the 68040 is also supported.  The program can
		operate from the CLI with single or multiple parameters or
		from Workbench via gadgets.  Is compatible with Kickstart
		1.3 or V2.04 and requires no external libraries or setpatch
		commands for the 68040 processor.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

Gwin		This is version 2.0 of GWIN restructured as an AMIGA shared
		library.  GWIN or Graphics WINdow is an integrated collection
		of graphics routines callable from C.  These routines make it
		easy to create sophisticated graphics programs in the C envi-
		ronment.  One-line calls give you a custom screen (ten types
		available), menu items, requestors, text, circles, polygons,
		etc.  GWIN is a two-dimensional floating point graphics system
		with conversion between world and screen coordinates.  GWIN
		includes built-in clipping that may be turned off for speed.
		Use of color and XOR operations are greatly simplified.  Many
		examples of the use of GWIN are included in an examples dir-
		ectory.  Examples include line/bar graph program, SPICE 2G.6
		graphics post-processor, and others.  Extensive documentation
		is included.  This is an update to version 1.1 on disk 433.
		Author:  Howard C. Anderson.

MemClear	Walks through the free memory lists, filling free memory
		with a user-specified value.  Display diagnostic information
		on CHIP & FAST RAM fragmentation.  This is version 1.05,
		an update to the version on disk 58.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dallas J. Hodgson

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  This program has been very popular with many users
		around the world and has been fully updated to include many
		new functions as requested by users.  This is version 2.53,
		an update to version 2.51 on disk 565.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0572
---------------------

CrossFade	Interesting screen hack that smoothly crossfades between
		screens.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dallas J. Hodgson

Multiplot	An intuitive data plotting program featuring flexible input
		options, arbitrary text addition, automatic scaling, zoom
		and slide with clipping at boundaries, a range of output
		file formats and publication quality printed output.
		Workbench printers are supported via transparent use of
		the PLT: device.  Postscript and HP Laserjet printers are
		directly supported.  This is version XLNe, an update to
		version XLNd on disk 467.  Includes bug fixes and many new
		features.  Binary only.
		Authors:  Alan Baxter, Tim Mooney, Rich Champeaux, Jim Miller

ResetHandler	Installs a handler in the keyboard.device reset handler list
		that is called when you press CTRL-Amiga-Amiga.  It opens a
		window and counts down from 9 to 0 in ten seconds and then
		resets the machine.  This gives the machine extra time to
		do vital things like validating disks, and gives you time to
		reconsider the reboot.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

WBStart		WBStart is a package to emulate the WorkBench startup proce-
		dure, by loading a program, creating a process for it, and
		then sending it a WB startup message.  Includes a handler
		process which does the starting of the processes for you and
		then waits for the startup reply messages.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0573
---------------------

MathPlot	Another function plotter.  With lin/log plot and a complete
		KS 2.0 interface.  Needs Kickstart/Workbench 2.0 (V36 or
		higher).  Needs mtool.library (supplied).  Shareware, source
		available from author.
		Author:  Ruediger Dreier

MToolLibrary	A shared library for the Amiga.  Some math functions and a
		bit of Intuition support.  This is V2.20, an update to
		tool.library V2.06 on disk 376.  A special FPU version
		is included.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Ruediger Dreier

MultiPlayer	Music player program which plays Soundtracker/Noisetracker
		modules, MED modules, and over 15 other types.  It contains
		a simple control panel, and allows creating "programs" to
		play a list of modules in sequence or in random order.  Works
		well with 1.3 and 2.0.  Supports Workbench 2.0's "AppWindow"
		feature - just drop modules into the MultiPlayer window to
		play them.  Plays modules at the correct speed regardless of
		video mode (NTSC or PAL).  ARexx port and program load/save
		available in registered version.  Version 1.11a, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Bryan Ford

Plasma		Programs that generate very colorful Plasma Cloud Fractals.
		Plasma clouds are a special form of fractal which show very
		smooth color gradations.  This is version X.x, an update to
		version 1.f on disk 285.  Includes source.
		Author:  Roger Uzun

Plotter		A program to plot math functions.  This is V3.98, an update
		to version 3.71 on disk 376.  Needs mtool.library (supplied).
		Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Ruediger Dreier

CONTENTS OF DISK 0574
---------------------

Chemesthetics	Chemesthetics is a program that draws molecules using the
		calotte model.  This means that atoms are drawn as bowls.
		Using this model, even extremely dangerous molecules like
		dioxine look quite nice.  Chemesthetics has an Intuition
		user interface, can save pictures as IFF files, and has
		many example files.  This is version 2.10, an update to
		version 2.06 on disk 536.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Joerg Fenin / Metalworx

DiskSpeed	A disk speed testing program specifically designed to
		give the most accurate results of the true disk perform-
		ance of the disk under test.  Automatically updates and
		maintains an ASCII database of disk results for tested
		disks.  This is version 4.1, an update to version 3.1 on
		disk 329.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

MKSLens		This program magnifies a small area surrounding the pointer
		and displays it in a separate window.  The magnification
		factor is adjustable from 1 to 16.  Works in all supported
		display modes except for HAM.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

NewZAP		A third-generation multi-purpose file sector editing utility,
		from the author of FileZAP.  Displays and edits full 512-byte
		sectors via a 106 character wide internal font.  Includes
		a search feature to find specific strings or hex digits,
		forwards or backwards. User-customizable, with new printing
		feature added.  This is version 3.3, an update to version
		3.18 on disk 164.  Now DOS 2.0 compatible.  Binary only.
		Author:  Dallas J. Hodgson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0575
---------------------

AmigaToNTSC	AmigaToNTSC patches graphics.library so it will think you have
		an NTSC Amiga.  AmigaToPAL will patch it to think you have a
		PAL Amiga.  Custom screens will open in the mode selected.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

DataPlot	A program that plots data and algebraic functions in 2D.  The
		user simply clicks on an option screen to select various
		options, such as type of marker, log or linear axis, auto vs
		manual scaling, gridlines.  The macro language makes similar,
		repetitive plots easy to do.  Data points can be transformed
		by an algebraic function prior to plotting.  A macro can be
		automatically executed upon startup-up.  Plots in any resolu-
		tion from 320x200 to 640x400.  Plots can be saved as macro
		commands and IFF ILBM files.  Prints directly to Epson compa-
		tible printers, or to any Preferences supported graphics
		printer via the PLT: device.  This is version 2.16, which now
		includes a Legend command, and is now freeware.  Fixes several
		bugs, including the optimizer for DrawFunction.  Update to
		version 2.1 on disk 532.  Source available from the author.
		Author:  J. Dale Holt

PPLib		A shared library to make life easy for people who wish to
		write programs that support PowerPacker.  Loading crunched
		files from C or assembly is made fast, short and easy.
		This is version 35.256, an update to version 35.255 on disk
		561.  Includes source.
		Author:  Nico Francois

ReqTools	A standard Amiga shared runtime library which makes it a
		lot quicker and easier to build standard requesters into
		your programs.  Designed with CBM's style guidelines in
		mind, so that the resulting requesters have the look and
		feel of AmigaDOS 2.0.  Version 1.0b, an update to version
		1.0a on disk 561.  Includes source.
		Author:  Nico Francois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0576
---------------------

Analyzer	This program allows data stored in one or more files to be
		examined as representations of electrical signals, either
		graphically or numerically, in the same manner as with a
		logic analyzer.  Screendumps of the display may be produced.
		Compatible with NTSC and PAL machines. Tested with Kickstart
		1.2 and 1.3.  Version 1.00, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Andrew Hackett

Budget		A program to help with managing personal finances.  This is
		version 1.3.4, an update to version 1.3.3 on disk 546.  New
		features include search, selection, replace, and printer
		output.  Binary only.
		Author:  Le Lay Serge Camille

TermII		A telecommunication program with some nice features, including
		an ARexx Port, external process communications, XPR support,
		programmable function keys, postscript downloading to laser
		printers, phone book, programmable panel buttons, public
		screen support, etc.  Documentation in English and in French.
		Needs Workbench 2.0. Version 1.1, binary only (some examples
		in C).
		Author:  Eric Gontier

CONTENTS OF DISK 0577
---------------------

LhA		A very fast archiver that is compatible with MS-DOS LhArc
		V1.13 and LHA V2.13, as well as the Amiga LhArc.  LhA is
		very memory efficient, has been written with stability
		and reliability in mind, has carefully optimized compression
		and decompression routines, is multitasking reentrant and
		pure, handles multiple volume archives (registered version
		only), and more.  Also includes LhASFX, which creates SFX
		(self-extracting) archives from ordinary LhA archives.
		Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Boberg

OwnDevUnit	This is the initial release of the OwnDevUnit.library
		programmer's pack.  It provides an extended locking mechanism
		for a device/unit pair that makes using programs like getty
		much easier.  Getty is a program that sits on the serial port
		waiting for calls to come in.  By using OwnDevUnit.library, a
		program can request that getty temporarily release the serial
		port.  Includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

PetersQuest	This cute game has you, the intrepid Peter, following
		a trail of hearts through a world of 20 levels, riddled
		with porcupines and other hazards, to rescue Daphne, the
		love of your life that has been kidnapped by the evil
		Brutus.  Includes digitized sound and colorful graphics.
		Version 1.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk 224.  New
		features include super speed, super jump, rocket pack, and
		more.  Binary only.
		Author:  David Meny

TurboQuantum	A SCSI bit twiddler program that will set or clear the
		"Disable Disconnection" bit in a Quantum drive's "Control
		Parameters Mode Page".  Disabling disconnection during
		data transfers can result in a large performance boost
		on some systems.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ben Fuller

CONTENTS OF DISK 0578
---------------------

Spice3		A version of the SPICE3e2 circuit analysis program which
		has been modified to run on the Amiga.  This version is
		written in C, as opposed to the FORTRAN version on disk
		278, and includes dynamically allocated memory, interactive
		post-processing and graphical plots.  Requires a minimum
		of 1 MB of memory.  Version 3e2.  Binary only.
		Author:  Many at UC Berkeley, amiga port by Brett Larson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0579
---------------------

BinToHunk	A utility to convert a raw data file (text, bitmapped image,
		etc.) into an Amiga Hunk format object file that can be
		linked using Blink.  This is version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Ray Burr

Cass		Cassette Cover Printer V1.1 is a program to make cassette
		labels.  It produces either the usual ASCII-character-labels
		or a source-text that can be fed to LaTeX.  Written in
		Maxon's Kick-Pascal, source included.
		Author: Jrn Clausen

OctaMED		A music editor which was originally designed for making music
		for programs (demos, games, etc), but works well as a stand-
		alone music program as well.  OctaMED is the 8-channel version
		of MED.  This is version 1.00b, released as a demo for the new
		version 2.0, which is a commercial product.  Binary only.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen and AmigaNuts United

CONTENTS OF DISK 0580
---------------------

WorldDataBank	Using a database of coordinates compiled by the CIA and
		made available under the Freedom of Information Act, this
		program plots world maps in cylindrical or spherical
		projections, with various degrees of magnification.
		This is version 2.2, an update to version 2.0 on disk
		262, and now includes the largest available data file,
		for detailed mapping of even small sections of the globe.
		Includes source.
		Author:  The CIA, Bob Dufford, Mike Groshart

CONTENTS OF DISK 0581
---------------------

FileLocator	Searches up to 28 mounted devices for specific files using
		wildcard matches.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Joe Rattz, Jr.

Neuro		A neural network simulator which is able to learn patterns
		(e.g. letters) and recognize them.  The program handles
		Hopfield and Backpropagation networks.  Some examples are
		included.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Berthold Ruf and Ulrich Wisser

Prism		An ANSI editor that allows animations, and complete color
		control.  It is used on many BBS's to create animated screens.
		Includes a configuration editor, font control, and variable
		playback speed.  Version 1.4, includes source.
		Author:  Syd Bolton, Chris Timmerberg, Colin Vernon

StopWatch	A stop watch application with the precision of one milli-
		second  (variable),  which scans the joystick button.  Full
		multitasking capability and intuition interfacing, addi-
		tional display screen for genlock output, ARexx port for
		parameter/result handling and screen manipulations.  Written
		in Modula 2 and assembly language.  This is version 3.0S, an
		update to version 2.0 on disk 466.  Binary only.
		Author:  Christian Danner

StripANSI	Removes all ANSI codes from a text file, so that only the
		bare text remains.  It is useful for editing terminal program
		capture buffers.  Two versions are provided: one for the
		command line (CLI) and one with a full Intuition interface.
		The Intuition version includes the ability to selective strip
		certain ANSI codes, and generates a complete report.  This is
		version 1.0, and includes full source in C.
		Author:  Syd Bolton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0582
---------------------

Diplomacy	A classic strategy game loosely based on World War I.  Design-
		ed for several players but can be played by as few as 2.  The
		computer manages the game, resolving orders and graphically
		displaying the current status.  Also provides map design capa-
		bilities for game variants.  Version 2.0, shareware, binary
		only (source available from the author with shareware payment).
		Author:  Steve Douthat

Questionatort	A program to create, update, and present multiple choice
		questionnaires.  Version 1.07, shareware, source available
		from author.
		Author:  Erik Von Raspator

VideoDat	A very simple databank to store information about your videos.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Sascha Fengel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0583
---------------------

ARoff		A complete and powerful program for text formatting, much
		inspired by the "nroff" utility on UNIX systems.  This is
		version 1.12.  Includes source, and documentation in both
		English and French.
		Author:  Denis GOUNELLE

ATbl		A program for table formatting, somehow inspired by the "tbl"
		utility on UNIX systems. Can produce printer output, with
		IBM graphics characters, or a regular IFF ILBM file which
		can be read by any decent desktop-publishing or word-processor
		program.  This is version 1.00.  Binary only, with English and
		French documentation.
		Author:  Denis GOUNELLE

CPUSet		A small assembler utility to manipulate the various cache
		modes of the 68040, 68030 and 68020 processors.  The copy-
		back mode of the 68040 is also supported.  The program can
		operate from the CLI with single or multiple parameters or
		from Workbench via gadgets.  Is compatible with Kickstart
		1.3 or V2.04 and requires no external libraries or setpatch
		commands for the 68040 processor.  This is version 1.5, an
		update to version 1.1 on disk 571.  Includes source.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

FullView	A text viewer that uses gadgets at the bottom of the screen
		(thus can display text 80 columns wide), opens up to the full
		size of the Workbench screen, displays ANSI color sequences
		and can load files compressed by PowerPacker.  Also shows IFF
		pictures (which can also be compressed).  This is version
		3.04, an update to version 2.02 on disk 412, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

StopWatch	A program to time events, including intermediate events,
		with an overall accuracy of about 250 milliseconds (since
		the timing events are registered by human interaction).
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Joe Rattz, Jr.

SuperLock	A very flexible security program that can lock any or all of
		the devices present in the system, making access to them
		impossible.  It can also optionally lock the keyboard and the
		mouse.  Version 1.01.  Requires arp.library.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

SuperSpell	A global spelling checker that checks your spelling no matter
		what program you are typing under.  Can be used to check
		spelling when typing on a BBS, in a text editor, or anywhere
		else.  Comes with a 9000 word dictionary, which you can edit,
		add to or replace completely.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  This program has been very popular with many users and
		has been fully updated to include many new functions.
		This is version 2.56, an update to version 2.53 on disk 571.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

TplEdit		A gadtools template editor that is able to generate standalone
		C source code and does generate its own surface.  This is ver-
		sion 2.00 beta, an update to 1.00 on disk 480.  Requires Amiga-
		DOS 2.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, enhancements by Koessi

WorldTime	A clock that has two states.  In the first state, it has a
		small window which shows the current time and also the current
		time in another city in the world.  In the second state, a
		large window shows the time in 84 cities throughout the world.
		The list of cities is configurable.  Version 1.31, includes
		source.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0584
---------------------

DataPlot	DataPlot is a very special function "plotter".  It does not
		really plot the data, but it creates a ".dat" file containing
		the function which you typed in and the corresponding values
		that have been calculated.  The ".dat" file can then be read in
		by "MultiPlot" (from AmigaLibDisk 467), so that you can mani-
		pulate the data with much more powerful functions than most
		normal function plotter programs offer.  This is version 1.00.
		Public Domain.  Source in C included.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

Electron	Electron World is a cellular automation described in "Spektrum
		der Wissenschaft" ("Scientific American") March 1990.  This is
		version 2.01, an update to version 1.20 from WizardWorks1.
		Shareware US$ 10.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

EnvPrint	EnvPrint is a handy tool for printing envelopes for letters.
		Just type in the addresses or load them from disk, and EnvPrint
		will organize the printing job for you.  Version 1.20.  Share-
		ware US$ 10.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

ExeC		ExeC is a small utility for executing CLI/Shell-Commands from
		the Workbench.  This is version 1.10.  Freeware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Carsten Raufu

IFFWizard	IFFWizard shows all chunks of an IFF file together with a
		short description and the chunk lenght.  It knows over 170
		Chunk- and Type-IDs and descends recursively into FORM-,
		LIST-, CAT- and PROP-chunks.  This distribution also contains
		a companion file with a list of all chunk- and type-IDs known
		by IFFWizard.  This is version 1.10.  Freeware.  Source in C
		included.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

RevHead		REVHEAD is a program for generating info files for your exist-
		ing sourcecodes/executables.  The info data is stored in a
		separate file.  Features Kick/WB 2.0 environment.  Version
		1.05.  Freeware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Carsten Raufu

SpLi		A program for generating spheric lissajous figures.  Algorithm
		taken from 'Spektrum der Wissenschaft'.  Version 1.00.  Public
		Domain.  Includes C sourcecode.
		Author:  Carsten Raufu

TextStat	An extended "wc" (word count) program.  It has all features of
		the SAS/C "wc" plus the ability to count the frequency of ASCII
		characters, alphabetical characters and many other things in
		a text.  Version 1.10.  Freeware.  Sourcecode included.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

TurboLife	A quite comfortable implementation of the cellular automation
		"Life".  Version 2.01.  Update to version 0.60 from Wizard-
		Works1.  Shareware US$ 10.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

WizardClock	The ultimate workbench clock.  Features a nice WB2.0 design,
		an easy-to-use intuition interface, 3 languages, analog clock,
		digital clock, calendar, alarm, and the ability to "read" the
		date and time with the "SPEAK:" device.  Version 1.20.  Public
		Domain.  Source in C included.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

WizardFiler	This nice file requester is an enhanced version of Anders
		Bjerin's "FileWindow" from disk 337.  It is very comfortable
		and has a nice WB2.0 design.  Version 1.01.  Source code in
		C included.  Public Domain.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger, Anders Bjerin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0585
---------------------

RayDance	Demo version of the RayDance raytracer.  This is a fully
		functional version except that it requires clicking on a
		continuation prompt after every 15 minutes of rendering
		time and the total number of polygons and spheres in a
		scene is limited to approximately 1400.  Includes both
		software and hardware floating point versions.  Requires
		a minimum of 1Mb of ram.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Charles Comstock

CONTENTS OF DISK 0586
---------------------

AzMake		A work environment for Aztec C.  You can compile, assemble,
		link, print, etc your programs by clicking a gadget.  Typing
		in the Shell is out.  Version 1.1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Christian Friedel

BlackHole	A little utility that acts like a "super-trashcan" and adds
		an appicon to the Workbench backdrop window.  As such, Black-
		Hole requires AmigaDOS 2.0.  You can drag file or drawer icons
		onto the Black Hole and you will then be asked if you really
		want to delete the items.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Parsec Soft Systems

Contour4D	Creates colored, altitude mapped objects for Sculpt 4D.  Two
		IFF brushes are used; one to supply the color for the object
		and a second which, by its color intensity, gives an altitude
		for the object at that point.  Objects are optimised so that
		large areas of one color and height become a single larger set
		of faces.  Objects are output in Sculpt '.scene' format.
		Works with ordinary, HAM or Extra-Halfbrite brushes.  Any
		palette colors can be omitted from conversion and all palette
		colors can be of different textures.  Full Intuition interface.
		Version 1.5, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Bruce Thomson

LSlabel 	A simple label printing utility.  Very powerful as the user
		can/must do a lot of settings by himself.  Features include
		variable linefeeds (in 1/216 inch steps) between 21 indepen-
		dant lines and freely configurable printer codes.  Version
		1.1.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk 478, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Berendes

Opus8		A program to convert MacIntosh 8-bit sounds to Amiga 8SVX
		format.  Includes source in PCQ Pascal.
		Author:  John A. Safranek

TheGallows	A hangman type game with over 3000 words.  The objective of
		the game is to fill in the blanks and guess the word before
		the prisoner is hung, after the seventh miss.  New words can
		be added to the list of words to guess, up to a maximum of
		over 9450 words.  Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Joe Rattz, Jr.

Tree4D		Creates 3D branching trees for Sculpt 4D complete with leaves.
		Many aspects of the shape and design of the trees are modifi-
		able, including color and detail level.  Objects are output
		in Sculpt '.scene' format.  Full Intuition interface.  This is
		version 1.5, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Bruce Thomson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0587
---------------------

ConLib		A run time reentrant library, developed with the purpose of
		making life easier for application programmers.  It contains
		functions to format and display text, accept keys/messages,
		strings, or numbers, and to handle cursor and screen control,
		among other things.  Version 2.00, includes source in asm.
		Author:  Bjorn Reese

GMC		A console handler with command line editing and function
		key support.  GMC provides extended command line editing,
		function key assignment in four levels, extended command
		line history, online help for functions in the handler,
		and an iconify function.  Also includes an output buffer
		(dump to printer and window), filename completer, script
		function, undo function, prompt beeper, pathname in window
		title, close gadget for KS 2.0, etc.  This is version 9.11,
		an update to version 9.8 on disk 434, with some new features
		and some bug fixes.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Goetz Mueller

TMKBP		The Multi-Kickstart Board Project lets you build a Kickstart
		ROM switcher compatible with the Amiga 500 and Amiga 2000. It
		will hold up to 3 versions of Kickstart, and can be switched
		between via an external switch.  If software does not work
		under kickstart 2.0, simply flip the switch and reboot under
		1.3.  It includes full step-by-step documentation, as well as
		schematics, and diagrams.  This is revision 3.1.
		Author:  Neil Coito and Michael Cianflone

CONTENTS OF DISK 0588
---------------------

FifoLib		FIFO: is like PIPE: but is based on fifo.library rather
		than its own implementation.  Fifo.library is a general
		fifo library implementation that supports named fifos,
		writing to a fifo from a hardware exception, multiple
		readers on a fifo with each getting the same data stream,
		efficient reading, and automatic or manual flow control.
		Programs that require non-blocking IO can access one side
		of a FIFO: connection via the fifo.library instead of the
		FIFO: device.  Version 3.4, an update to version 3.1 on disk
		519.  Includes some source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon

FracBlank	A commodities screen blanker written for AmigaOS release
		2.x.  When running will blank the screen and start to draw
		real plane fractals such as described in the September 1986
		issue of Scientific American.  The resulting images may
		remind you of spiders' webs, lace or even the Chladnian
		patterns formed by grains of sand strewn across a vibrating
		surface.  This is version 1.8, an update to version 1.4 on
		disk 535, and includes numerous bug fixes and enhancements
		(such as multicolor mode).  Includes source in `C' and
		assembly language.
		Author:	 Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

MandelSquare	Yet another program to generate images from the Mandelbrot
		set, different from most implementations in that it runs
		only under AmigaOS 2.x, requires an '020/'030/'040 CPU and a
		numerical coprocessor.  The calculation routines were
		written in '881 assembly language for maximum speed and
		precision.  Also included is a `movie mode' which allows
		generation of long camera zooms to spots in the Mandelbrot
		set.  The resulting animations can be saved in ANIM-opt-5
		format, allowing to replay them using `MandelSquare' or
		standard animation software.  Version 1.3, includes source
		in `C' and assembly language.
		Author:	 Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0589
---------------------

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS
		release 2.x (Kickstart 37.175 and Workbench 37.67 or higher
		required).  Features include total configurability, full
		ARexx control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification
		after download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto
		upload and download, scrollable review buffer of unlimited
		size, solid and fully-featured VT100/VT220/ANSI emulation,
		optional fast atomic terminal emulation, hotkey support,
		powerful phonebook and dialing functions, ability to save and
		print the contents of the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file,
		full overscan and screen resolution support (new ECS screen
		modes included), asynchronous operation and a lot more.  Comes
		with seven Xpr-transfer libraries (ascii, jmodem, kermit,
		quickb, xmodem, ymodem & zmodem) and documentation both in
		German and in English.  This is version 1.9c, an update to
		version 1.8a on disk 534.  Includes full source in `C' and
		assembly language.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0590
---------------------

Crystals	A computer simulation of three-dimensional crystal lattices
		which permit you to observe stereoscopic views of any of the
		fourteen Bravais lattices with a variety of orientations,
		while rotating and posititioning them in real time.  The
		frame rate is between 10 and 30 frames per second, depending
		upon the options selected and the Amiga being used.  It is
		primarily intended for educators and students in physics,
		chemistry, and geology.  It is most suitable for use in con-
		junction with a course in solid state physics, or a course
		in crystallography.  Version 2.15, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  David McKinstry

EquiLog		A Master-Mind type game.  Version 1.36, binary only.
		Author:  Pierre-Louis Mangeard

MICE		My Image Code Editor.  MICE generates source code from stan-
		dard IFF pictures.  Can generate either assembly or C source.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Pierre-Louis Mangeard

Seeker		A 'find file' type utility for AmigaDOS 2.0 with more fea-
		tures than most such programs.  Intuition interface supports
		AmigaDOS and unix-like wildcards.  Several operations can be
		performed on found files.  Version 1.2, shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Donald Lloyd

SuperDuper	A very fast disk copier and formatter.  Can make up to four
		unverified copies from a ram buffer in 36 seconds.  Verified
		copies from a ram buffer take 67 seconds for one destination
		drive, plus 34 seconds for each additional destination.  This
		is version 2.01, an update to version 2.0 on disk 561.  Now
		includes a program to fine tune some fields in the trackdisk
		device, and a "no click" type program.  Binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

CONTENTS OF DISK 0591
---------------------

Flyspeck	A very tiny font, which is more of a gimmick than a useful
		font.  Perhaps the tiniest font available for the Amiga.
		Author:  Sascha Wildner

MonopolySrc	Source to the immensely popular Monopoly game distributed
		in binary form on disk 251.
		Author:  Ed Musgrove

Vim		Vi IMitation.  A clone of the UNIX text editor "vi".  Very
		useful for editing programs and other plain ASCII text.
		Based on Stevie (disk 256) with many enhancements such as
		multilevel undo, command line history, improved command line
		editing, full vi compatibility (except Q and zn commands),
		command typeahead display, command to display yank buffers,
		unlimited line length, ability to edit binary files, file
		name stack, support for Manx QuickFix, shows current file
		name in window title, etc.  Internal storage structures
		have been redesigned for optimal speed and memory usage.
		Version 1.14, includes source.
		Author:  Bram Moolenaar, et. al.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0592
---------------------

CirclesUp	A simple little two player game where circles fly into the
		playing area from both sides of the screen.  When each player
		presses his corresponding ALT key they fly to the top of the
		screen and stop moving when they hit another circle or the
		border.  The object of the game is to connect a specified
		number of circles of the same color.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Jason Lowe

EZAsm		Combines parts of "C" with 68000 assembly language. Produces
		highly optimized code.  Supports all 2.0 functions and more.
		Comes bundled with A68k and Blink, for a complete programming
		environment.  This is version 1.6, an update to version 1.5
		on disk 484.  Includes example source and executable files.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Joe Siebenmann

LAZi		A graphic interface for the archive utilities Lharc, Arc, and
		Zoo.  LAZi will add, delete, extract, and update single or
		multiple files, list and test archives, allow you to read
		extracted readmes/docs or any other ascii file, save a con-
		figuration file that holds the locations of your work direct-
		ories, archive utilities, and its position when iconified.
		At least 1Mb of RAM is recommended.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Mark W. Davis                  

NumbersUp	A simple little game where numbers fly into the playing area
		from both sides of the screen.  When you click the mouse but-
		ton, they fly to the top of the screen and stick there.  The
		score is determined by what numbers the current number lands
		near, and the game ends when the same numbers end up adjacent
		to each other.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Jason Lowe

PublicService	A screen clock intended for those whose day revolves around a
		series of breaks; this one counts down the minutes to each
		break, and complains if you're at the Amiga outside working
		hours!  All break times are contained in a small text file
		(example given).  Times are expressed in words rather than
		numbers.  Includes source.
		Author:  Michael Warner

QuickTrans	Freely redistributable replacement for mathtrans.library,
		containing faster versions of all 17 functions, with almost
		the same accuracy.  Trigonometric functions are 2 to 2.5 times
		as fast.  Logarithmic, exponential and hyperbolic functions
		are about 3 times as fast.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Combs

Star		Three C functions, that you can easily incorporate into your
		programs to draw stars.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jason Lowe

CONTENTS OF DISK 0593
---------------------

AnalyRim	An integration of the AnalytiCalc spreadsheet (disk 495) and
		the RIM-5 relational database management system (disk 143).
		Integrates a spreadsheet with hundreds of functions and 18000
		by 18000 cell address space, with a complete disk based DBMS,
		and functions permitting one to move relations or selections
		of relations in either direction between spreadsheet and data-
		base.  In this way, large relations can be stored on disk, yet
		accessed as needed in the spreadsheet, from whence they can be
		computed with or plotted.  The command language of RIM is fair-
		ly close to SQL and documents for it are included.  Also sup-
		ports GnuPlot to provide flexible plotting.  A minimum of 2Mb
		of memory is recommended, of which 750K must be contiguous.
		Because the full distribution would not fit on a single disk,
		it has been split onto two disks, with disk 593 containing the
		executable and needed "keypad" command files, and disk 594
		containing the source and documentation.
		Author:  Glenn C. Everhart et. al.

Elements	Very nice interactive display of the the Periodic Table
		of Elements.  Includes general row and column information,
		plus a test mode where the program asks specific questions
		about the selected element or row/column.  This is version
		2.3b, an update to version 2.3 on disk 384, with some minor
		AmigaDOS 2.0 fixes, a new icon, and Swedish and German data
		files.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

LhA		A very fast archiver that is compatible with MS-DOS LhArc
		V1.13 and LHA V2.13, as well as the Amiga LhArc.  LhA is
		very memory efficient, has been written with stability
		and reliability in mind, has carefully optimized compression
		and decompression routines, is multitasking reentrant and
		pure, handles multiple volume archives (registered version
		only), and more.  Version 1.11, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk 577.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Boberg

PicPak		A package of general purpose picture loading and manipulation
		functions, including IFF ILBM loading, ViewPort color control
		(including fades and color cycling), and frames.  Will also
		load and display SHAM images.  Version 1.3c, includes source.
		Author: Paul Miller

PictSaver	A small utility that allows you cut rectangular portions of
		any screen and store them on disk as IFF-ILBM files.  Also
		allows easy saving of windows and entire screens to disk.
		This is version 2.4, an update to version 2.0 on disk 543.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Preben Nielsen

WindowTiler	A WB2.0 commodity similar to ihelp that cascades, tiles, etc
		workbench windows.  Contains 7 ways to arrange the windows.
		Does not affect non-sizeable windows (so dock windows, etc
		don't get shifted).  This is version 1.1, binary only. 
		Author:  Doug Dyer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0594
---------------------

AnalyRimSrc	An integration of the AnalytiCalc spreadsheet (disk 495) and
		the RIM-5 relational database management system (disk 143).
		Integrates a spreadsheet with hundreds of functions and 18000
		by 18000 cell address space, with a complete disk based DBMS,
		and functions permitting one to move relations or selections
		of relations in either direction between spreadsheet and data-
		base.  In this way, large relations can be stored on disk, yet
		accessed as needed in the spreadsheet, from whence they can be
		computed with or plotted.  The command language of RIM is fair-
		ly close to SQL and documents for it are included.  Also sup-
		ports GnuPlot to provide flexible plotting.  A minimum of 2Mb
		of memory is recommended, of which 750K must be contiguous.
		Because the full distribution would not fit on a single disk,
		it has been split onto two disks, with disk 593 containing the
		executable and needed "keypad" command files, and disk 594
		containing the source and documentation.
		Author:  Glenn C. Everhart et. al.

Cube4		A 3-dimensional version of "zeros and crosses" on a 4x4x4
		board which can be inspected from all sides.  It is possible
		to change the skill of the computer game, take back moves,
		change sides and abandon.  Version 1.2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Joachim Tuckmantel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0595
---------------------

ClibSave	A small hack for saving the actual contents of the clipboard
		(unit 0) to a file.  It may only be used from shell.  This is
		version 0.1, includes source.
		Author:  Uwe Rhm

HOW		A game where the aim is to get a ball from the start square
		to the exit square, while trying to turn all squares to the
		same color.  As the ball moves across a square, the color of
		the square changes in a cyclic order of four colors.  Also
		includes a level editor program.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Handel

IconSwap	A small utility, which allows you to quickly and easily swap
		the colors of your icons between the older 1.3 and the new
		2.0-style.  Version 0.14, includes source.
		Author:  Uwe Rhm

P-Compress	A gimmick-free and very easy to use program for most compres-
		sion requirements.  Uses the latest LZH compression algor-
		ithms.  Can handle single files, whole drawers, disks, or
		selected files or types of file within drawers and disks.  In
		PACK mode it can consolidate files into less space than whole-
		disk compression tools or archivers.  This is version 2.1, an
		update to version 1.2 on disk 565.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham, LZH code by Barthel/Krekel

P-Reader	An all purpose reader that displays texts, pictures, animations
		and sounds, which may be uncompressed or compressed with
		P-Compress.  Texts can include embedded static or animated
		illustrations and sounds. This is version 5.2, an update to
		version 5.1 on disk 543.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

P-Writer	A text editor with special facilities for inserting text
		color and style changes and for preparing illustrated texts
		for P-Reader.  Version 3.2, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

CONTENTS OF DISK 0596
---------------------

RayShade	Rayshade is a ray tracing program ported to the Amiga from
		UNIX.  Rayshade's features include nine types of primitives
		(box, cone cylinder, height field, plane, polygon, sphere,
		superquadric, flat triangle and phong-shaded triangle);
		composite objects; point, directional, and extended (area)
		light sources;  solid procedural texturing and bump mapping
		of primitives; antialiasing through adaptive supersampling;
		arbitrary linear transformations on primitives; and more.
		This is version 3.0 patchlevel 5 and includes sources in C.
		The modifications for Amiga & SAS/C are distributed as diff
		files.  Some example input files are also included.
                Author:  Craig E. Kolb, Amiga Port by Martin Hohl

ToolTypeWatch	Helps you if you are searching for ToolType-keywords of a
		certain application.  It  patches the FindToolType() and the
		MatchToolValue() functions of the icon.library and records
		all calls to these functions along with the given arguments.
		This allows you to discover all keywords supported by an
		application as ToolTypes.  Version 0.7, includes source.
		Author:  Uwe Rhm

CONTENTS OF DISK 0597
---------------------

GoLD		Game of Life - Duo.  A "Game of Life" extension.  This one
		uses TWO strains of cells, allows free redefinition of the
		rules, and contains the original game as a subset.  This is
		version 1.0, includes source in C and assembly.
		Author:  Andreas Neubacher

IconTools	Four programs to manage some aspects of icons using the
		Intuition interface and allowing one operate on many icons at
		once by shift-clicking.  FloatIcon 1.05 sets an icon so that
		the Workbench can freely place an icon in a drawer window.
		ReplaceTool 2.04 sets a new default tool for project icons
		using the Workbench icons or a file requester.  ReplaceImage
		1.01 changes the image of icons to that of another.  Swap-
		Colors 1.01 swaps colors 1 and 2 in icon images.  The last
		two programs will be useful for converting to the "new look"
		of Workbench 2.0.  Includes source in JForth Professional
		2.0.  Not related to IconTools on disk 284.
		Author:  Richard Mazzarisi

NewList		A very fast and powerful 'list' and 'ls' utility.  It features
		fast algorithms, custom print and date formatting, 3 different
		types of recursion, a hunt mode, character filters, a pager,
		ansi, ENV: support, and tons of sorts and options.  This is
		version 6.0, an update to version 5.0a on disk 513.  New
		features include complete WB2.0 support and compatibility,
		including full link handling, and some bug fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Phil Dietz

ScudBuster	A Scuds vs. Patriots missle game.  This game is a combination
		of the old Missle Command, Battleship, and Stratego games
		rolled into one.  Set up your strategy and launch missles at
		your enemy, while he launches missles at you.  Version 0.8,
		binary only.
                Author:  Howard Dortch

ShadowMaster	A modular screen saver system for AmigaDOS 2.0.  It allows
		you to choose a saver module to be used at blank time, and
		to build utility modules that may (or may not) choose the
		actual saver.  Version 37.7, includes partial source.
		Author:  Mike Meyer

ThinFonts	Seven fixed width fonts in two designs to get more characters
		on your screen.  Made for usage on hires interlaced screens
		and A2024 modes.
		Author:  Dirk W. Reisig

CONTENTS OF DISK 0598
---------------------

ANSI		A small CLI utility to convert C source between ANSI and
		Kernighan and Ritchie function definition formats.  Also
		allows generation of prototypes.  No Amiga extensions and
		should be portable.  Version 1.0, includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

DX100		Editor/Librarian for the Yamaha DX100, DX21, and DX27 synthe-
		sizers.  Provides voice editing and librarian features similar
		to the FB-01 Editor/Librarian.  Version 1.25.
		Author:  James M. Smith

FB-01		Edit all parameters for FB-01 Voices and Configurations.  Has
		graphical display of voice envelopes to improve the editing
		process.  The librarian provides the means to organize and
		store a bank of voices or configurations on disk.  Send
		customized banks to a Yamaha FB-01 or receive banks from this
		instrument.  Print hardcopy of voice and configuration banks. 
		Version 1.25.
		Author:  James M. Smith
   
Parse		A simple keyword command line parsing routine. Supports mixed 
		case and unambiguous abbreviations in the command line. The
		parse routine can be used to add keyword control to any pro-
		gram in an easy manner.  Version 1.2, includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

TX81Z		Editor/Librarian for the Yamaha TX81Z and DX11 synthesizers.
		Provides voice and librarian features similar to the FB-01
		Editor/Librarian.  Includes a Performance Editor and a
		Librarian.  Version 1.23.
		Author:  James M. Smith

CONTENTS OF DISK 0599
---------------------

DBuff		Source code with a small demo. to implement double buffering
		by adding a second ViewPort to an Intuition screen.  Version
		1.0, includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

InputView	A small tool for AmigaDOS 1.3 to record the input stream at a
		given time and then insert the recorded events again later,
		instead of the user input.  Version 0.24, includes source.
		Author:  Uwe Rhm

MailMerge	A utility to perform simple mail merge using the LaTeX letter
		style.  Simply requires a letter in .tex format and a file of
		addresses.  Each of these is inserted, in turn, into the .tex
		file which is run through LaTeX and then through the printer
		driver.  Version 1.0, includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software
      
MoG		A demonstration version of a commercial molecular graphics
		program.  Stick representations of molecules may be rotated,
		translated and scaled on screen and changes may be made to
		structures.  `Space filling' pictures may also be generated
		using quick preview, shading, or ray-tracing. The demonstra-
		tion version allows only one of two structures to be dis-
		played and does not allow space filling, though some sample
		space-filled structures are included.  Version 1.03D, binary
		only.
		Author:  SciTech Software

PrLabel		A utility to print laser printer labels. Support 3x8, 2x8
		and 2x7 A4 label sheets.  The program may easily be modified 
		for other formats.  Also serves as a demonstration of using 
		STSLib for gadgets and menus.  Version 1.1, includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

RxilShell	A set of routines to form an additional layer between the
		programmer and ARexx.  Rxil_shell sits on top of rxil on
		disk 299 and contains a few changes and bug fixes to the
		rxil routines.  Using these routines, adding ARexx support
		to a program becomes completely trivial.  Version 1.0,
		includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

STSLib		Blink compatible library required to recompile PrLabel. This
		library supplies gadtools-like 3D look gadgets (including
		check boxes, radio buttons and cycle gadgets) and menus whose
		layout will be adjusted for different default screen text
		fonts under AmigaDOS V2.0.  Version 1.0, link library only.
		Source and documentation available from the author for a fee.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

CONTENTS OF DISK 0600
---------------------

Env		A user friendly tool to edit your "environments".  You can
		change, add, copy, rename and delete them with an intuition
		GUI, instead of using DOS SetEnv/GetEnv.  Features include
		keyboard shortcuts, font-sensitive windows, and shell command
		line support.  Version 2.08, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Otto

Memcheck	An antivirus package designed to be used for detection and
		analysis of new and old viruses.  It includes a very powerful
		bootblock detector, a CLI detector and a Vectors program.
		The programs check for any virus in RAM and are able to kill
		all viruses in RAM.  All libraries, devices, interrupts,
		reset vectors, etc are completely checked by the programs.
		This is version 5.0, binary only.  Source code is available
		from the author.
		Author:  Koen Peetermans

Multi_Player	A music player that loads and plays a large variety of the
		"tracker" type sound modules.  With an intuition interface,
		allows you to load formats like Intuitracker, NoisePlayer,
		Soundtracker, FutureComposer and 7 others including power-
		packed modules!  Includes many sample modules in several of
		these formats.  This is version 1.5, an update to version
		1.2 on disk 509.  Binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Landspurg

NCode		A fast MC68000/10/20/30 conditional macro assembler for the
		Amiga.  Supports both the old and the new Motorola syntax for
		operands and allows you to put standard parameters in an 
		argument file.  NCode can be used for any of the four CPU's
		and will check whether your code matches the specified target
		CPU.  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Edgar Visser

Paragon		A two player game where the object is to build a given crown
		(a pattern of 5 stones) on the playboard.  Includes source in
		AMOS.
		Author:  Volker Stepprath

Rothello	Reversi/Othello like game that features the option to shift
		complete rows or columns of the playfield.  Play a human or
		computer opponent.  Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Koepke and Rolf Herrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0601
---------------------

APipe		An "Amiga pipe" device.  If opened for read, it will run the
		file name as an Amiga CLI command, with the output going to
		the opening process.  If opened for output, it will run the
		file name as an Amiga CLI command, with output to the opened
		file sent to the command as input.
		Author:  Per Bojsen

Intuisup	A shared library with support routines for using texts, menus,
		borders, gadgets, requesters, and more, under AmigaDOS 1.3.
		Includes a template editor and source to library and test
		programs.  This is version 3.0, an update to version 2.0 on
		disk 562.
		Author:  Torsten Jurgeleit

PP		Patches AmigaDOS and makes decrunching of powerpacked files
		completely transparent to any program attempting to read
		such files.  This means that any program may work directly 
		on powerpacked datafiles, without any need to decrunch these
		first with PowerPacker.  A must for Powerpacker fans.  This
		is version 1.4, an update to version 1.3 on disk 542.  Full
		source is included.
		Author:  Michael Berg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0602
---------------------

JM		Job Manager is a utility which extends the AmigaDos multi-
		tasking environment by providing features such as: allocation
		of CPU cycles in any ratio to multiple CPU bound processes,
		default task priorities based on task name, task logging,
		system uptime reports, task CPU use and CPU % reports, task
		invocation times, and more.  JM has very little impact on the
		system itself.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or later.  Includes
		68000/20 and 68030/40 versions.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

MathsAdv	A simple game where you, the young adventurer, must try to
		escape the king's Maths Adventure.  To do this you must pass
		through a series of rooms.  In each room you are given a
		math problem to solve, after which you can proceed to the
		next room if you answer correctly.  The problems become more
		involved and more difficult in each room.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jason Lowe

MBPress		A command that will detect which mouse buttons (including
		middle) are currently being pressed.  The result can then be
		used to decide a course of action in a script file.  Handy
		for your startup-sequence.  Requires 2.04.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Anderson

PlotLib		Another function plotter library with different display
		options in 2D, 3D or Niveau.  Easy to use functions allow
		you to write your own plot program.  Output functions for
		screen and HPGL plotter.  Demo program included.  Works on
		Amiga and MSDOS.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Silvano Oesch

CONTENTS OF DISK 0603
---------------------

DungeonMap	A little tool that creates maps of dungeons (and eventually
		towns) which can be used by a Dungeon Master (DM's) for use in
		a Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) game.  These maps can be saved,
		edited, and printed.  This is version 1.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bill Elliot

DynaCADD	Part 1 of a four part demo distribution of DynaCADD from Ditek
		International.  DynaCADD is a professional 2D and 3D CAD pack-
		age.  This demo is fully functional except for disabled save
		and export functions.  DynaCADD requires at minimum an Amiga
		with 1Mb of RAM and a hard drive, or two floppy drives.  A de-
		interlacer of some kind is highly recommended.  This disk con-
		tains all the files necessary to recreate the DynaCADD demo
		disk number 1.  The files for demo disk number 2 can be found
		on library disk number 604 and the files for demo disks 3 and
		4 can be found on library disk number 605.  This is version
		2.04, an update to version 1.84 on disks 434 and 435, and now
		includes both 68000 and 68020/030 versions.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ditek International

ICONtrol	An easy to use CLI command that gives you control over Work-
		bench icons.  It's main purpose is to update the look of your
		icons for AmigaDOS 2.0, which can be done by swapping the
		colors in an icon or giving new images to them.  Moreover, it
		can be used to clear an icon's absolute position in a drawer
		or on Workbench.  So it is also a helpful tool if you are not
		yet using AmigaDOS 2.0.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Winterstein

Notify		A suite of Rexx programs that can be used to issue messages or
		run commands automatically on certain days and/or at certain
		times of day.  Facilities are provided for the adding, editing
		and deleting of messages, and for displaying the times and
		texts of pending messages.  A chime program is included to
		enable the time to be announced at regular intervals.  Version
		1.01.
		Author:  Michael Tanzer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0604
---------------------

ArpRequest	A demonstration of how to use the ARP filerequester from
		AmigaBasic.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

DynaCADD	Part 2 of a four part demo distribution of DynaCADD from Ditek
		International.  DynaCADD is a professional 2D and 3D CAD pack-
		age.  This demo is fully functional except for disabled save
		and export functions.  DynaCADD requires at minimum an Amiga
		with 1Mb of RAM and a hard drive, or two floppy drives.  A de-
		interlacer of some kind is highly recommended.  This disk con-
		tains all the files necessary to recreate the DynaCADD demo
		disk number 2.  The files for demo disk number 1 can be found
		on library disk number 603 and the files for demo disks 3 and
		4 can be found on library disk number 605.  This is version
		2.04, an update to version 1.84 on disks 434 and 435, and now
		includes both 68000 and 68020/030 versions.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ditek International

MIDIstuff	A package of 8 tools that use midi.library so that they can
		use MIDI at the same time and can easily be combined in a
		modular way.  Release 2 prerelease version, binary only.
		Author:  Bill Barton and Carl Loesch

RingWar		A classic arcade game of reflexes.  The graphics are based on
		the vector style of the old arcade games such as Asteroids and
		Tempest.  The goal of the game is to penetrate through the
		three rotating rings and hit the five pointed star in the
		ringship at the center of the rings, while avoiding randomly
		appearing mines, and the ringship firing back at you.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Eric Bazan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0605
---------------------

DynaCADD	Parts 3 & 4 of a four part demo distribution of DynaCADD from
		Ditek International.  DynaCADD is a professional 2D and 3D CAD
		package.  This demo is fully functional except for disabled
		save and export functions.  DynaCADD requires at minimum an
		Amiga with 1Mb of RAM and a hard drive, or two floppy drives.
		A de-interlacer of some kind is highly recommended.  This disk
		contains all the files necessary to recreate the DynaCADD demo
		disk numbers 3 & 4.  The files for demo disk number 1 can be
		found on library disk number 603 and the files for demo disk
		2 can be found on library disk number 604.  This is version
		2.04, an update to version 1.84 on disks 434 and 435, and now
		includes both 68000 and 68020/030 versions.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ditek International

HDClick		A program selector / Harddisk-menu.  Programs can be started
		easily by clicking on gadgets which can be defined by the
		user.  This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.21 on disk
		439.  This version includes sub-menus, functions to edit the
		gadgets, preferences to change colors, a "Small"-window,
		Hotkey-iconify and more.  Includes PAL and NTSC versions.
		Comes with Config_Tool 1.62 by Manfred Gillert, a tool to edit
		HDClick-configfiles easily, and with other useful functions.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Claude Mueller

CONTENTS OF DISK 0606
---------------------

AlgoRhythms	An algorithmic composition program that improvises music over
		a MIDI interface connected to the serial port.  A MIDI inter-
		face and synthesizer are needed.  The music is simple but can
		be pretty.  Now on its own 8 color screen, with 20 voices and
		more scales, AlgoRhythms saves its own output to standard MIDI
		files, and can play 330 notes/sec on a 68000 at 7MHz.  Does
		not use Amiga audio.  Version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk 356.  Includes source and sample data files.
		Author:  Thomas E. Janzen

AutoGraf	Collects and graphically displays information on auto mileage.
		Features miles per gallon, cost per mile, miles driven, highs,
		lows, averages, etc.  Includes a couple of sample data files.
		This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 166.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Joel Swank

FileMinder	Utility for maintaining files and directories on a hard disk.
		Allows you to graphically see your directory structure, to
		move quickly to any directory, and to perform operations on
		the files and other directories there.  This is version 1.0,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Joel Swank

PrFont		Prints a sample of each font from the fonts: directory.  Draws
		one line of each font on a custom hires screen, which can be
		printed.  This is version 1.4, an update to version 1.3 on
		disk 305.  Binary only.
		Author:  Joel Swank

SpellCheck	A program which aids you in learning foreign words.  You enter
		the words and their translations, and then the computer quizes
		you later.  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Torgeir Dingsyr, Pantheon Softworks.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0607
---------------------

AnimFader	A small utility to fade screens in and out.  Useful for softly
		fading things like animations recorded on video tape.  This is
		version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

DosControl	A new directory tool that combines the functionality of many
		separate tools, allowing you to control the operation of your
		Amiga with a single program.  Version 3.1, binary only.
		Author:  Uwe Brosch

FishCat		A program designed to allow searching the entire library.
		Features very fast searches and the built-in ability to
		easily add new disks to the database.  Supports many 2.0
		features such as AppWindow and public screens.  Iconifies.
		This is version 1.1.  Binary only.
		Author:  Matt Brown

CONTENTS OF DISK 0608
---------------------

CloneCmdKeys	A commodity that maps the AmigaDOS 2.04 Shell's CUT and PASTE
		commands to any keys.  By default, CloneCommandKeys will make
		LEFT-amiga-c act as COPY, and LEFT-amiga-v will act as PASTE.
		Alternately, you can specify any key-mapping you like by using
		ToolTypes.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  John Lindwall

FastLife	A fast life program featuring an intuition interface, four
		screen sizes, 35 generations per second on Amiga 3000/25,
		19 generations per second on Amiga 2000/500/1000, and 153
		patterns in text file format.  Runs with Kickstart 1.3 and
		2.0.  This is version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk
		469.  Changes include better Intuition interface, easy select-
		ion of calculation mode, speed control, task priority control,
		and tooltypes support.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ron Charlton

Vertex		A 3D object editor that differs from other 3D editors in many
		ways.  You can choose any view, including perspective, to sel-
		ect points and examine objects.  The view can be rotated, pos-
		itioned and scaled at will by either typed in values or using
		the mouse, which makes the editor fast and responsive.  This
		is version 1.28b, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alexander D. Deburie

CONTENTS OF DISK 0609
---------------------

AutoPort	A software switch that makes it possible to use a trackball
		or mouse plugged into the first mouseport, together with
		another trackball or mouse in the second port, as if they
		were two input devices plugged into the same first port.
		Version 1.1, includes source.
                Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

bBaseII		A simple database program using an intuition interface.
		Stores, sorts and searches for information.  Limited to
		9 fields in each record.  Features include fast sorting,
		search in any field, and best of all, it's really easy to
		use.  This is version 5.3, an update to version 5 on disk
		563.  Changes include improved print-outs, and now supports
		mailing labels.  Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

BootPic		BootPic allows you to install nearly any IFF picture that
		you like in place of the WorkBench hand that appears after
		a reset.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk
		532.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

CryptoKing	A game for those who like to solve Cryptograms, (those coded
		sentences that have to be decoded to be read).  Operate with
		keyboard or mouse.  Version 1.0, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

STScan		A utility program for using a Siemens ST 400 SCSI flatbed
		scanner with the Amiga.  Can be adapted to other scanners
		and serves as an example of scsi-direct access to scsi
		devices.  Version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 560.
		New features include image processing and vectorization
		functions that can be used without any scanner.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Frank-Christian Kruegel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0610
---------------------

ATCopy		A program to copy files from the Amiga side of a system
		equipped with a PC/AT bridgeboard, to the PC side, using
		wildcards.  Copies directly through the shared memory.
		Supports CLI and WorkBench usage.  This is an an update to
		version 2.2 on disk 458.  Now includes an AREXX port.  Share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Vorwerk

Graffiti	Demo version of an art program, with a feature set somewhat
		less than DPaint but more than many other such programs.
		Has a few special functions included like autoscrolling,
		converting screens to other resolutions, changing RGB
		values of the whole screen, fast autoscrolling magnifier
		and many others.  This is version 1.5, an update to version
		1.01 on disk 531.  Shareware demo, binary only.
		Author:  Marcus Schiesser

PCExecute	A little program that allows you to execute programs on a
		bridge-board without opening a PC window.  Includes source.
		Author:  Peter Vorwerk

CONTENTS OF DISK 0611
---------------------

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects ten different such viruses.
		Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

TeX		A complete source and binary distribution of TeX version 3.1
		and MetaFont version 2.7 for 68020/030 with FPU.  Because of
		it's size, it's distributed on six disks (611-616) in archived
		form.  Does not include any pk-fonts, previewer, or device
		drivers.
		Author:  Donald Knuth et. al.  Amiga port by Edmund Mergl

WildStar	Toggles the RNF_WildStar bit in the DOS library root node,
		which allows AmigaDOS to use the "*" character as a true
		wildcard which is mostly plug compatible with "#?".  Version
		1.2, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Ken Simpson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0612
---------------------

TeX		A complete source and binary distribution of TeX version 3.1
		and MetaFont version 2.7 for 68020/030 with FPU.  Because of
		it's size, it's distributed on six disks (611-616) in archived
		form.  Does not include any pk-fonts, previewer, or device
		drivers.
		Author:  Donald Knuth et. al.  Amiga port by Edmund Mergl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0613
---------------------

TeX		A complete source and binary distribution of TeX version 3.1
		and MetaFont version 2.7 for 68020/030 with FPU.  Because of
		it's size, it's distributed on six disks (611-616) in archived
		form.  Does not include any pk-fonts, previewer, or device
		drivers.
		Author:  Donald Knuth et. al.  Amiga port by Edmund Mergl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0614
---------------------

TeX		A complete source and binary distribution of TeX version 3.1
		and MetaFont version 2.7 for 68020/030 with FPU.  Because of
		it's size, it's distributed on six disks (611-616) in archived
		form.  Does not include any pk-fonts, previewer, or device
		drivers.
		Author:  Donald Knuth et. al.  Amiga port by Edmund Mergl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0615
---------------------

TeX		A complete source and binary distribution of TeX version 3.1
		and MetaFont version 2.7 for 68020/030 with FPU.  Because of
		it's size, it's distributed on six disks (611-616) in archived
		form.  Does not include any pk-fonts, previewer, or device
		drivers.
		Author:  Donald Knuth et. al.  Amiga port by Edmund Mergl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0616
---------------------

TeX		A complete source and binary distribution of TeX version 3.1
		and MetaFont version 2.7 for 68020/030 with FPU.  Because of
		it's size, it's distributed on six disks (611-616) in archived
		form.  Does not include any pk-fonts, previewer, or device
		drivers.
		Author:  Donald Knuth et. al.  Amiga port by Edmund Mergl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0617
---------------------

AutoCLI		A 'PopCLI' type replacement that works with WorkBench 2.0
		and fully compatible with A3000 & accelerator boards.  Always
		retains the default path and stack, and current directory.
		Can automatically open CLI/SHELL windows to 1 pixel less than
		the current screen size on opening.  New functions include
		spline patterning on blanking, toggle freeze mouse, more
		function keys, mouse activated screen shuffle, close gadgets
		on Shell windows, and more as many users have requested.
		This is version 2.17, an update to version 2.12 on disk
		571.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

Beach		A great new animation from Eric Schwartz.  In "A Day at the
		Beach", Flip the Frog and Clarisse the Cat head out for a day
		at the beach where they run into MoonDoggie.  Needs 3Mb or
		more of memory.  This is part 1 of 2.  Part 2 is on disk 618.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

Revenge		A fast-action game with  horizontal scrolling in which you 
		control a laser-spitting Camel while destroying hordes of
		weird enemies who are after your hump.  Collect bonuses on
		the way to obtain more devastating weaponry.  In 2-Player &
		CPU-Assist modes, an Ancipital-creature joins the Camel to
		make a team.  Stereo phased samples, 42 levels in several
		zones.  512K-NTSC version.  1MEG and/or PAL versions avail-
		able upon registration.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  YaK, Llamasoft UK

CONTENTS OF DISK 0618
---------------------

Beach		A great new animation from Eric Schwartz.  In "A Day at the
		Beach", Flip the Frog and Clarisse the Cat head out for a day
		at the beach where they run into MoonDoggie.  Needs 3Mb or
		more of memory.  This is part 2 of 2.  Part 1 is on disk 617.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

Contact		A memory resident "pop-up" program for maintaining a list of
		names, addresses and phone numbers, or other flat file data-
		base applications.  Can print labels in up to four columns, to
		PostScript printers, or any preferences supported printer. Up
		to two phone numbers can be stored with each entry, and dialed
		automatically using pulse or tone dialing.  Unique sorting
		feature allows the user to specify the sort key of each
		record.  Addresses can be imported and exported via the clip-
		board, or output using the unique 'type' feature.  Notes can
		also be associated with each entry, using your favorite
		editor.  Has full ARexx support.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Craig Fisher, CMF Software

VCLI		Voice Command Line Interface (VCLI) is an Amiga voice recog-
		nition program that learns and recognizes 48 spoken voice
		commands.  Each voice command is associated with an Amiga CLI
		command that is executed when an incoming voice command is
		recognized.  VCLI allows the execution of any Amiga CLI com-
		mand by voice.  Requires the Perfect Sound 3 or Sound Master
		audio digitizer.  This is Version 4.0, an update to version
		2.0 on disk 542.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

VoiceDemo	Illustrates the programming techniques required to use the
		voice.library to teach your Amiga to learn and recognize
		spoken voice commands.  A simple program that will teach
		your Amiga to recognize and repeat back to you the spoken
		words "Peter ... Piper ... Picked ... A Peck Of ... Pickled
		Peppers."  Include example source.
		Author:  Richard Horne

CONTENTS OF DISK 0619
---------------------

AFaxDemo	Demonstration version of the AmigaFax software package.
		Send and receive faxes with your Amiga 500/1/2/3000.
		Features background fax operation, share one phone line
		for fax and data (eg UUCP/BBS/FAX), fax spooling,
		aliases/mailing lists.  Converts between fax and text,
		IFF ILBM, TeX .dvi files and command files, operates
		from shell or WorkBench.  Requires compatible FaxModem.
		Demo version limited to single page transmit/receive.
		Version 1.20.
		Author:  David Varley, C-Born Software Systems

AmiGazer	Compute a view of the night sky, using a data base of 1573
		stars, for any date, time of day, and latitude.  Click on
		stars for info about them.  This is version 3.0, an update
		to the version on disk 90.  Now compatible with WB 2.0.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

IFF		A program to display single or multiple IFF files from Work-
		bench or CLI.  It has been written in 100% assembler to be as
		small and fast as possible.  Version 1.6, binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

Set040		A program to remap Kickstart V2.04 or greater from ROM into
		32 Bit Ram on an Amiga equipped with a 68040 CPU, using the
		MMU, with optional parameters for greater compatibility
		between various 68040 boards and optional patch to stop
		drives from clicking.  It can also load a different Kickstart
		than the one currently in ROM, manipulate both caches, and
		display information regarding some 68040 registers and modes.
		Version 1.12, includes source code in assembly.             
		Author:  Nic Wilson

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  This program has been very popular with many users and
		has been fully updated to include many new functions.
		This is version 2.60, an update to version 2.56 on disk 583.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0620
---------------------

Graffiti	Demo version of an art program, with a feature set somewhat
		less than DPaint but more than many other such programs.
		Has a few special functions included like autoscrolling,
		converting screens to other resolutions, changing RGB
		values of the whole screen, fast autoscrolling magnifier
		and many others.  This is version 1.6e, an update to version
		1.5 on disk 610.  Shareware demo, binary only.
		Author:  Marcus Schiesser

TKEd		TKEd is a very comfortable Intuition-based ASCII editor.  It
		can read texts packed with PowerPacker, has user-definable
		menus, a comfortable  AREXX-interface with 79 commands, an
		interface to some errortools for programmers, and macros.
		TKEd is reentrant and can be made resident.  Version 1.00a,
		binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

TrackDOS	A program that allows easy transfer of data between DOS,
		memory and trackdisk.device.  DOS means the data contained
		within a file, memory means the data contained anywhere
		within the memory map and trackdisk.device means data
		stored on a disk not accessable with DOS (eg. bootblocks
		special loader disks etc.).  The transfer of data between
		these three areas is not normally easy or convenient.
		TrackDos was written to overcome this.  This is version
		1.11, an update to version 1.08 on disk 502.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0621
---------------------

IE		An icon editor which can create and modify icons up to 640x200
		pixels in size, up to 16 colors, edit all non-graphical icon
		parameters including up to 40 tooltypes, generate C source
		code for icon and image programming, import/export IFF images,
		recolor icons for DOS2.0, write text into icon in any font and
		style, and much more.  Demo version of IE 3.0, a major update
		to version 2.0 on disk number 377.  Requires 1 Meg.  Source
		available from Author.
		Author:  Peter Kiem

MultiPlayer	Music player program which plays Soundtracker/Noisetracker
		modules, MED modules, and over 15 other types.  It contains
		a simple control panel, and allows creating "programs" to
		play a list of modules in sequence or in random order.  Works
		well with 1.3 and 2.0.  Supports Workbench 2.0's "AppWindow"
		feature - just drop modules into the MultiPlayer window to
		play them.  Plays modules at the correct speed regardless of
		video mode (NTSC or PAL).  ARexx port and program load/save
		available in registered version.  Version 1.17, shareware,
		update to version 1.11a on disk 573.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bryan Ford

NComm		A communications program based on Comm version 1.34, by DJ
		James, with lots of very nice enhancements.  Works on any
		Amiga with 512K RAM or more, ANSI/vt100 terminal emulation
		with 8 color text, PAL NTSC and overscan support, full support
		for all European languages, baud rates up to 115200 baud,
		support for lots of file transfer protocols including XPR
		library protocols, script language, scrollback buffer, hot
		keys, an ARexx interface, macros, clipboard support, and more.
		This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.9 on disk 356.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  DJ James, Daniel Bloch, Torkel Lodberg, et al.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0622
---------------------

Challenger	A freely distributable quiz program with 500 questions in this
		version.  English and German version included.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Udo Haisch

Uedit		A nice shareware editor with learn mode, a command language,
		menu customization, hypertext, online help, a teach mode,
		split windows, copy and paste, undo, features.  This is
		version 3.0a, an update to version 2.6h on disk 539.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0623
---------------------

AIB		A gadtools driven Amiga interface builder for constructing
		windows, menus, and gadtools.  It is incomplete, and was 
		submitted to serve as more AmigaDOS 2.0 example code.
		Includes C source.
		Author:  Doug Dyer

MakeIcon	A command line utility for creating quick icons for programs
		that don't have icons.  (Not related to MakeIcon on disk 255).
		Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Daniel Kocsis

PPLib		A shared library to make life easy for people who wish to
		write programs that support PowerPacker.  Loading crunched
		files from C or assembly is made fast, short and easy.
		This is release 1.4, an update to the version on disk 575.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Nico Francois

RemapInfo	An icon color remapping tool that swaps the colors black and
		white.  The program runs on 1.3, but when run on 2.0 it
		supports the AppIcon feature.  It allows you to drag all icons
		you wish to remap on RemapInfo's AppIcon to recolor them.
		Version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 542.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

ReqTools	A standard Amiga shared runtime library which makes it a
		lot quicker and easier to build standard requesters into
		your programs.  Designed with CBM's style guidelines in
		mind, so that the resulting requesters have the look and
		feel of AmigaDOS 2.0.  Version 1.0d, an update to version
		1.0b on disk 575.  Includes source.
		Author:  Nico Francois

WindowTiler	A WB2.0 commodity that arranges workbench windows in many 
		ways (tiling, cascading, etc).  Now has a REFUSE tooltype, 
		double click title bar to explode windows, etc.  This is 
		version 1.2.1, an update to 1.1 on disk 593.  Binary only.
		Author:  Doug Dyer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0624
---------------------

Csh		Replacement for the Amiga shell, similar to UN*X csh.  Main
		features include over 100 built in commands, 70 functions,
		new system variables, file name completion, freely
		programmable command line editing, file classes, auto cd,
		lazy cd, intuition menus for the shell window, automatic
		RX-ing, local variables, $( ), statement blocks, high speed,
		plus much more.  This is version 5.19, an update to version
		5.15 on disk 512.  Includes source.
		Author:  U. Dominik Mueller, C. Borreo, S. Drew, M. Dillon

MachIV		A macro/hotkey program that also includes features of sun
		mouse, clicktofront, popcli, clipboard viewer, title bar
		clock, and much more.  Each program or window may have its
		own hotkeys and other settings.  Requires 2.x.  This is
		version 4.0, an update to 3.1 on disk 471.  Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Moats

PCMenu		Control your pulldown menus from the keyboard using the
		arrow keys or "first letter matching".  Multiple selections
		made with Shift-Return.  Remembers and returns to previous
		menu items.  Completely configurable.  This is version 1.5.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Moats

CONTENTS OF DISK 0625
---------------------

CanonLBP	Canon laser printer driver package, containing WB driver,
		extra preferences program for additional options (landscape,
		copies, margins, timeout, etc), PageStream drivers, FontShop
		program, automatic font download, free definable papersizes,
		and full support for Workbench 2.0/2.1.  Version 1.01, fully
		functional demonstration version, binary only.
		Author:  Wolf Faust

Pattern		A shared library which matches AmigaDOS patterns with strings
		and converts strings into uppercase or lowercase, including
		umlauts.  The library works with Kickstart V1.2 and higher and
		the pattern matching routines are compatible with ARP and
		AmigaDOS 2.0 pattern matching.  An ARexx function library is
		also available.  One of the external programs included in this
		package is pgrep version 0.4, a small grep command, that finds
		a string or an AmigaDOS pattern in one or several files, or in
		stdin (default).  Version 5.0, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Angela Schmidt

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  This program has been very popular with many users and
		has been fully updated to include many new functions.
		This is version 2.62, an update to version 2.60 on disk 619.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

TurboDEX	A compiler for the DEX language.  DEX is a language similar
		in structure to Modula2 and C, but different and simpler in
		concept.  Features include compact and fast executables, clear
		program structure, integration of Exec/Dos/Gfx/Intuition
		library calls in the compiler, inline assembly, register
		variables, commented assembly source output, easy to manage
		development system, and more.  Version 1.1, DonationWare.
		Author:  Wouter van oortmerssen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0626
---------------------

IInfo		A replacement for the DOS 'Info' command, written in assembly.
		This program has a similar output format and takes the same
		parameters.  It has the added advantage of including maximum
		filesize in bytes that will fit on a disk.  Coded in optimized
		assembly language, it is smaller than the original DOS command.
		Version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

LoranNotebook	A database for storing, searching and printing loran numbers.
		Store Lats/Lons, TDs, Waypoints, Depths, State, County,
		Comments, and Quick Comments.  Search by any catagory, and
		numbers can be searched with a margin of error.  Printouts as
		text only or as a graphic.  Select sites on the plot screen
		by lassoing them.  Version 2.0 includes a lon/lat scale on
		the plot screen, better zooming, and accurate land areas via
		the World Database II (included) and/or user drawn.  You can
		now show and edit land on your plots by drawing it in or by
		making a list of lat/lon points.  A small sample database is
		included.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Allen Maroney

MMU		Text file describing the structure of the A3000 MMU translation
		table and a simple assembler program to read MMU registers.
		Author:  Laurence Vanhelsuw

QCD		QuickCD is a program written in assembly to quickly change
		directories in the current CLI/SHELL with the mouse and a file
		requester.  Ten often used directories can be saved to a
		config file and quickly selected.  Any unused entries are
		used to temporarily store the directories you have recently
		visited, and any of these can be easily and quickly selected
		or saved with the mouse or a function key.  Requires AmigaDOS
		V2.0x. Version 1.03, binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

SiliconSec	A bowling league statistics generator.  Teams are ranked by
		win/loss record & total pins.  Tracks team and individual
		statistics.  Absent and 'blind' bowlers, floating and team
		subs easily entered.  ABC/WIBC award lists, recap forms,
		simple newsletter article and other options can be generated
		each week, if you want them.  A address list, phone list,
		mailing labels and end-of-season report meeting ABC/WIBC
		requirements may be generated any time.   Online help with
		search may be edited by the user.  Runs from the Workbench or
		CLI.  One meg required.  Version 1.51, binary only.
		Author:  Allen Maroney

Stuffer		MIDI Utility to construct and transmit any type of MIDI
		message.  Message building can be done via mouse or keyboard
		in hex, decimal or mnemonic form.  Supports standard MIDI
		files and Roland SYSEX checksumming.  Version 0.9b, binary
		only.
		Author:  Laurence Vanhelsuw

WaveMaker	Realtime waveform generator using Intuition slider gadgets.
		Allows sounds to be created with a maximum of 8 harmonics.
		Version 0.9, binary only.
		Author:  Laurence Vanhelsuw

CONTENTS OF DISK 0627
---------------------

ADoc            A freely redistributable help utility for the Amiga.  Allows
		you to have permanent help on any subject you want.  Features
		include automatic searching of the word on which you clicked,
		English and French help files on all Intuition and Dos func-
		tion calls, an intelligent term request, ability to use ori-
		ginal Commodore AutoDocs files, an AREXX port, and more.  This
		is version 7.04, an update from version 3.10 on disk 402.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Denis GOUNELLE

Concentration	A game in which the player must match pairs of words to win.
		Takes two players to play and can be played against either
		another person or against the computer.  Version 3.3, binary
		only, source available from authors.
		Author:  Alan and Heather Keith

FreePaint	A freely redistributable painting program, much like the
		popular DPaint program.  Version 37, an update to version 35z
		on disk 548.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan G. Boldorf and Bjrn-Eric Trost

CONTENTS OF DISK 0628
---------------------

APrf            A freely redistributable printing utility for the Amiga.
		Features include a full Intuition interface, preview function,
		page selection, margins setup, line numbering, an AREXX port,
		a multi-columns mode, and more.  Includes both French and
		English versions.  This is version 5.00, an update to version
		2.62 on disk 402.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis GOUNELLE

Lothian		Legend of Lothian is an adventure game in the vein of the
		Ultima game series.  It was originally featured in the Sep 91
		issue of the Jumpdisk Amiga disk magazine.  You play the role
		of a humble shepherd who is summoned to a perilous task when
		your country's king is bewitched.  You must set out in a 
		dangerous land to find the clues that will enable you to
		revive your king and save your land.  Includes colorful
		graphics, hordes of monsters to combat, helpful citizens to
		converse with, and puzzles to solve.  Version 1.02, binary
		only.
		Author:  David Meny

Set040		A program to remap Kickstart V2.04 or greater from ROM into
		32 Bit Ram on an Amiga equipped with a 68040 CPU, using the
		MMU, with optional parameters for greater compatibility
		between various 68040 boards and optional patch to stop
		drives from clicking.  It can also load a different Kickstart
		than the one currently in ROM, manipulate both caches, and
		display information regarding some 68040 registers and modes.
		Version 1.14, an update to version 1.12 on disk 619.  Includes
		source code in assembly.             
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0629
---------------------

APIG		ARexx Programmers Intuition Graphics library is an ARexx
		external function library similar to RexxArpLib.  APIG.LIBRARY
		provides the ARexx programmer with access to most of the
		resident Graphic, Intuition, and Layer library functions.
		Allows you to create custom screens/windows, gadgets, reques-
		ters, intuitext, borders, etc.  This is version 3.1, an update
		to version 1.1 on disk 559.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ronnie E. Kelly

RexxRMF		ARexx Record Management Functions library is an ARexx external
		function library which provides keyed file access using AVL
		trees.  With this library one can index data files for fast
		search/retrieval of data records.  The record management
		functions allow for variable length keys, variable length
		records, variable number of fields per record, multiple
		indices on a single file, duplicate or unique keys, passing of
		record data directly to/from ARexx variables, etc.  This is
		version 1.8, an update to version 0.5 on disk 559.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Ronnie E. Kelly

Rocky		Another Boulderdash clone.  This one multi-tasks and accepts
		keyboard or joystick inputs.  Loads of game levels.  This is
		version 1.0.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Laurence Vanhelsuw

SrcAnalyzer	Filter/Statistics program which analyzes standard 68000
		assembly source code and produces mnemonics statistics while
		also filtering out all unrecognized lines.  Output files can
		be fed directly to a small barchart display program "chart"
		(included).  Source to "chart", SrcAnalyzer binary only.
		Author:  Laurence Vanhelsuw

CONTENTS OF DISK 0630
---------------------

BICS		Boot Intro Construction Set is a tool to create a small intro
		on the bootblock which will appear if you insert the disk for
		booting.  This is version 1.10, a fully rewritten update to
		BootIntro on disks 244 and 245.  Binary only.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

Fenster		A program which can operate on requesters, screens, and win-
		dows owned by another program, to close them, change their
		size, refresh gadgets, move the window to the background, etc.
		This is version 3.2, an update to version 2.2 on disk 362.
		Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Roger Fischlin

MakeIcons	Utility that uses selected icons as templates to create new
		icons for files that don't have them.  It can also revise
		existing icons, giving them new images, tooltypes, or
		positions.  It will operate on all icons in a disk or drawer
		(the user decides whether it will operate recursively or
		not) or the user can identify specific icons for revision.
		Unlike the pseudo icons shown by Workbench 2.0, MakeIcons
		creates real icons, complete with tooltypes, stack size, and
		so forth.  Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Fabbian G. Dufoe, III

TrueEd		A shareware editor.  Version 3.40, binary only.
		Author:  Jurgen Klein

CONTENTS OF DISK 0631
---------------------

AHDM		Amiga Hard Disk Menu.  When placed in your startup sequence,
		AHDM offers a sixteen page menu, each page having up to ten
		possible actions.  By double clicking on an action, that
		action will execute any legal AmigaDOS command, program,
		or script file.  This allows you to interactively select
		which programs you wish to start or packages to install
		at boot time.  Version 3.00a, an update to version 1.1a
		on disk 319.  Binary only, demo version that supports 5
		pages of 5 actions.
		Author:  Scott Meek

Amigadex	A disk based "address book".  It is intended to be used as a
		personal data base for the names, addresses, and phone numbers
		of all your friends and business associates.  May be used to
		maintain a small mailing list.  Includes a flexible print
		utility and import function.  Version 1.61, shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Ray Lambert

KeyBang		A program to entertain a very young person while simultaneous-
		ly protecting your Amiga from the consequences of such enter-
		tainment.  Keybang draws shapes and plays sounds in response
		to playing with the keyboard and mouse.  The sounds are IFF
		8SVX samples which you can supply, or use the ones provided.
		This is version 1.0, shareware.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Stark

Offender	Demo version of a fast shoot'em up game based on Williams'
		Defender game.  Runs at 50/60 frames per second.  Includes
		PAL and NTSC versions.  Kickstart 2.04 compatible.  Requires
		68020 CPU and 68881 FPU or better.  Version 1.01, shareware,
		binary only.  Full version and/or source code available with
		shareware payment.
                Author:  Fred Bayer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0632
---------------------

Attacks		A two player strategy game played on a seven by seven grid,
		modeled after the arcade game called Ataxx.  The moves and
		rules are very simple, but the strategy is complex.  Includes
		source in Modula-2.
		Author:  Scott Biggs

Copper		An action game similar to Arkanoid.  The objective of the game
		is to destroy all the bricks on the screen with the ball.
		Some bricks may take only 1 hit to destroy, or as many as 8.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Hai Truong

MrED		An ANSI graphics editor that allows loading and editing of
		ANSI color files, commonly used in BBS programs.  Features
		block moves, a line drawing mode, colorize functions, full
		ANSI sequence support, and more.  Version 1.20, binary only.
		Author:  Robert V. Fahey

PrintFiles	A freely redistributable print utility to replace the standard
		workbench Printfiles command.  Supports Arexx, application
		icon, and setting up a print list with unlimited number of
		entries.  Requires OS 2.04.  Includes two versions, V0.9e in
		English and V0.9d in German.  Includes source.
		Author:  Karlheinz Klingbeil

CONTENTS OF DISK 0633
---------------------

GALer		GALs (Generic Array Logic) are programmable logic devices.
		"GALer" is the software and the hardware which is necessary
		to program your own GALs.  The supported GAL-types are
		GAL16V8 and GAL20V8.  The circuit diagram for the GAL device
		programmer is available from  the author.  Version 1.3,
		shareware, includes source, German version only.
		Author:  Christian Habermann

PlansDemo	Demo version of a drawing program with user definable fonts,
		over 32000 named lockable layers, definable screen resolution,
		hierarchial parts and grouping, importing of HPGL plot files,
		multiple simultaneously loaded drawings, many print options,
		fully programmable plotter support, 38 mouse drawing modes,
		over 22 numeric object creation modes, 53 editing modes,
		rulers, crosshairs, grid, bezier curves, and more.  This is
		version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Hale

SoftLock	A program to help prevent unauthorized access of your bootable
		hard drive by requiring a password each time you reboot.  Has
		been tested under both AmigaDOS 1.3 and 2.04.  This is version
		1.0.1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Allan Baer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0634
---------------------

APIG		ARexx Programmers Intuition Graphics library is an ARexx
		external function library similar to RexxArpLib.  APIG.LIBRARY
		provides the ARexx programmer with access to most of the
		resident Graphic, Intuition, and Layer library functions.
		Allows you to create custom screens/windows, gadgets, reques-
		ters, intuitext, borders, etc.  This is version 3.3, an update
		to version 3.1 on disk 629.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ronnie E. Kelly

NewDefTool	A utility to change the default tool for project icons.  Has
		a user defined configuration file for flexibility.  Can change
		default tool according to old default tool or filenames.
		Supports the use of appicon, so using NewDefTool is a simple
		matter of dragging and dropping icons.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		This is version 1.01, public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Kjell Cederfeldt

NewPrint	A program for formatting textfiles so that they will print out
		as you like them to, not on the perforation or on the platen.
		Adjustable top, bottom, left and right margins.  Optional
		pagenumbers, header and footer info.  This is version 2.1,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Kjell Cederfeldt

NonClick	A program to stop floppy drive clicking.  Features an intu-
		ition user interface that allows you to turn clicking on and
		off on every drive individually.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		This is version 1.06, public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Kjell Cederfeldt

Slicer		A program for creating abstract art based on mathematical
		functions, such as the Mandelbrot set, Julia sets, and related
		abstractions (chaotic dynamical systems).  Features include
		fast fixed or floating point arithmetic, many different
		functions, many computation options, many coloring and render-
		ing options, batch mode, focus, multi pass, zoom in, zoom out,
		pan, and four dimensional navigation.  The produced pictures
		can be thought of as cross sections or "slices" revealing the
		insides of solid (if imaginary) objects.  Version 2.0, an
		update to version 1.0 on disk 249.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

CONTENTS OF DISK 0635
---------------------

BootPic		BootPic allows you to install nearly any IFF picture that
		you like in place of the WorkBench hand that appears after
		a reset.  Version 2.0, an update to version 1.2 on disk
		609.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

Icons		A selection of 8 color hires icons for your viewing pleasure.
		Author:  Ernst Janesch

LDP		An ARexx compatible Laser Disc Player for RS-232 serial
		machines from Hitachi, Pioneer, and Sony.  You can have a
		remote control on the screen and/or the program running to
		accept ARexx commands.  The Hitachi drivers are untested.
		Works best with AmigaDOS 2.0.  Version 1.31, includes source.
		Author:  Ron M. Battle

PowerLOGO	A powerful and versatile dialect of the LOGO programming
		language.  Includes all of the support for word and list
		processing, program code processing, local variables, global
		variables, free variables, recursion, tail recursion, etc
		that you expect from LOGO.  Also includes support for demons,
		while loops, menus, screens, windows, window graphics,
		turtle graphics, reading and writing files, optional inputs
		for procedures, mutable lists, etc.  This is version 1.1,
		an update to version 1.00 on disk 377.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

CONTENTS OF DISK 0636
---------------------

Alert		Gives detailed information about the meaning of various Amiga
		alerts given the 32-bit hex alert number.  Version 1.00,
		includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

EDRC		An extensive configuration file for Matt Dillon's DME text
		editor, using 10 menus and many functions.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

Electron	Electron World is a cellular automation described in "Spektrum
		der Wissenschaft" ("Scientific American") March 1990.  This is
		version 3.10, an update to version 2.01 from disk 584 (Wizard
		Works 2).  Shareware US$ 10.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

EnvPrint	EnvPrint is a handy tool for printing envelopes for letters.
		Just type in the addresses or load them from disk, and EnvPrint
		will organize the printing job for you.  Includes an ARexx
		port.  Version 1.50, an update to version 1.20 from disk 584
		(WizardWorks 2).  Shareware US$ 10.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

Henon		A program for drawing Henon pictures.  Includes 3 example
		parameter collections.  Freeware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

LISA		A program for drawing Lissajous pictures.  With full intuition
		support and WB2.0 design (even under 1.3).  Different versions
		for 1.3 and 2.0.  This is version 1.10, an update to v1.01 from
		disk 584 (WizardWorks 2).  Freeware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

MemMan		The MemoryManager can be used to test programs under different
		CHIP/FAST memory configurations.  Version 1.10, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Carsten Raufu

SmallPalette	A very short replacement for the WB1.3 "Palette" program using
		the req.library's color requester.  Source in SAS/C included.
		Public Domain.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

TurboLife	An implementation of the cellular automation "Life".  This is
		version 3.10, an update to version 2.01 on disk 584 (Wizard-
		Works2).  Shareware US$ 10.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

WizardCLock	A workbench clock with many features and various languages.
		Version 1.30, an update to version 1.20 on disk 584 (Wizard-
		Works 2).  Freeware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

WizardsInfo	General information about the Wizard Works disk 3, from which
		this material was included.
		Author:  Stefan Zeiger

WWBatch		This drawer contains two batchfiles that residents/copies to
		RAM: the commands used by ! Wizard Works ! program startup
		batch files.
		Author:  Carsten Raufu

CONTENTS OF DISK 0637
---------------------

LAZi		A graphic interface for the archive utilities Lharc, Arc, and
		Zoo.  LAZi will add, delete, extract, and update single or
		multiple files, list and test archives, allow you to read
		extracted readmes/docs or any other ascii file, save a con-
		figuration file that holds the locations of your work direct-
		ories, archive utilities, and its position when iconified.
		At least 1Mb of RAM is recommended.  Version 1.1, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 592.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mark W. Davis

LhA		A very fast archiver that is compatible with MS-DOS LhArc
		V1.13 and LHA V2.13, as well as the Amiga LhArc.  LhA is
		very memory efficient, has been written with stability
		and reliability in mind, has carefully optimized compression
		and decompression routines, is multitasking reentrant and
		pure, handles multiple volume archives (registered version
		only), and more.  Version 1.22, an update to version 1.11
		on disk 593.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Boberg

MouseAideDEMO	A demo version of a "Mouse" utility with all the standard
		functions; mouse acceleration with threshold, window and
		screen manipulation by mouse and keyboard, mouse and screen
		blanking, SUN (auto-activation) mouse, user definable "hot
		key" command, etc.  Also has functions other mouse programs
		do not, such as multi-icon-select with only the mouse, left
		and right button swapping, mouse port switching, WorkBench
		to the front function, freezing of the mouse and keyboard of
		all input, etc.  Written in assembly language for efficiency
		in size and CPU usage.  Version 3.34a, an update to version
		v2.56a on disk 567.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas J. Czarnecki

VideoMaxe	A program to manage one's private video tape collection.
		Both program and documentation are in German; no English
		version at this time.  Version 3.22, an update to version
		3.00 on disk 547.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Srken

CONTENTS OF DISK 0638
---------------------

PowerVisor	A powerful machine language level debugger for the serious
		Amiga programmer.  Compatible with all Amiga models, all
		Motorola CPU's from 68000-68040, 68881/68882 FPU's, and
		the 68851 MMU.  Supports ARexx scripts and scripts written
		in an internal language, online help, some resource tracking,
		and much more.  Version 1.13 beta, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

Run68010	Allows you to run programs that use 68010-specific instructions
		on 68000-based machines.  Uses self-modifying code.  Simulates 
		68010-specific registers.  Starts from both WorkBench and CLI.
		Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

ShellTimer	A well behaved shell based stopwatch program.  Being shell
		based, the timer can be controlled from AmigaDOS scripts, from
		Arexx macros, from makefiles, or interactively.  Requires
		AmigaDOS 2.04.  This is version 1.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  John Lindwall

CONTENTS OF DISK 0639
---------------------

DrawMap		Release 4.0 of a program for drawing representations of the
		Earth's surface.  New features include using the full Micro
		World Data Bank data files, user selection of the items to be
		included (e.g., coastlines, rivers, etc.) and the amount of
		detail in each map, and a redraw function.  Corrects a problem
		with box and text selection encountered under AmigaDos 2.04,
		but AmigaDos 2.04 is not required.  Requires 1.5 megabytes of
		memory and a hard disk with 1.6 megabytes of free space.  Also
		includes version requiring a 68020 CPU and 68881 FPU.  This is
		an update to version 3.1 on disk 545.  Includes full source.
		Distributed in two parts, the other part is on disk 640.
		Author:  Bryan Brown.

Technoban	A Sokoban type game written in assembler.  Features include 4
		worlds with 10 levels each, new graphics and sounds in every
		world, 32 colors, 5 stereo sounds, smooth animation, an inte-
		grated editor, and a code for each level.  Version 4.07,
		binary only.
		Author:  Tim Schattkowsky

CONTENTS OF DISK 0640
---------------------

DrawMap		Release 4.0 of a program for drawing representations of the
		Earth's surface.  New features include using the full Micro
		World Data Bank data files, user selection of the items to be
		included (e.g., coastlines, rivers, etc.) and the amount of
		detail in each map, and a redraw function.  Corrects a problem
		with box and text selection encountered under AmigaDos 2.04,
		but AmigaDos 2.04 is not required.  Requires 1.5 megabytes of
		memory and a hard disk with 1.6 megabytes of free space.  Also
		includes version requiring a 68020 CPU and 68881 FPU.  This is
		an update to version 3.1 on disk 545.  Includes full source.
		Distributed in two parts, the other part is on disk 639.
		Author:  Bryan Brown.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0641
---------------------

Annotate	A text editor written for AmigaDOS 2.04 only, that takes
		advantage of public screens and the system default font.
		Features include folding, shifting, and full clipboard
		support.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Doug Bakewell

BootX		An easy to use boot, file and link virus killer with a
		KickStart 2.0 look (even under KickStart 1.3).  Has lots
		of options to detect and kill Amiga viruses.  Version 4.45,
		an update to version 4.02 on disk 560.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

EVW		Early Virus Warning.  This program was designed to let the
		user get a look at important 'vectors' of the Amiga system.
		Does buffered scans of all library, device and resource
		vectors.  Version 2.22.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

GearCalc	A bicycle gear ratio calculator.  Version 2.2, an update to
		version 2.0 on disk 514.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ed Bacon

LVD		A first defense utility against file and linkviruses.  It
		patches the LoadSeg vector(s) and checks every executable
		that comes along.  Recognizes 25 file or so linkviruses.
		Version 1.72, an update to version 1.61 on disk 554.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

TLog		An intuition based program that records statistics to monitor
		atheletic training progress.  Maintains a daily record of
		distance, time, heart rate, weight and temperature.  Links a
		text file with the record for a free form diary.  The AREXX
		commands provide the basis for generating custom reports from
		the data base.  Sample script allows TLog to automatically get
		to a scheduler to post reminders of upcoming events.  This is
		version 2.01, an update to version 1.0 on disk 514.  Share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Ed Bacon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0642
---------------------

AutoCLI		A 'PopCLI' type replacement that works with WorkBench 2.0
		and fully compatible with A3000 & accelerator boards.  Always
		retains the default path and stack, and current directory.
		Can automatically open CLI/SHELL windows to 1 pixel less than
		the current screen size on opening.  New functions include
		spline patterning on blanking, toggle freeze mouse, more
		function keys, mouse activated screen shuffle, close gadgets
		on Shell windows, and more as many users have requested.
		This is version 2.19, an update to version 2.17 on disk
		617.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

EditKeys	A keymap editor.  Supports editing of string, dead and modi-
		fiable keys, as well as control of repeatable and capsable
		status of each key.  Runs equally well under AmigaDOS 1.3 or
		2.0.  If running under AmigaDOS 1.3, requires "arp.library".
		This is version 1.2.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  David Kinder

IFF		A program to display single or multiple IFF files from Work-
		bench or CLI.  It has been written in 100% assembler to be as
		small and fast as possible.  This is version 1.7, an update
		to version 1.6 on disk 619.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

Set040		A program to remap Kickstart V2.04 or greater from ROM into
		32 Bit Ram on an Amiga equipped with a 68040 CPU, using the
		MMU, with optional parameters for greater compatibility
		between various 68040 boards and optional patch to stop
		drives from clicking.  It can also load a different Kickstart
		than the one currently in ROM, manipulate both caches, and
		display information regarding some 68040 registers and modes.
		Version 1.15, an update to version 1.14 on disk 628.  Includes
		source code in assembly.             
		Author:  Nic Wilson

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  This program has been very popular with many users and
		has been fully updated to include many new functions.
		This is version 2.69, an update to version 2.62 on disk 625.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

VS2PR		Converts files to and from VideoScape 3D and PageRender 3D.
		It preserves and matches colors as closely as possible, and
		retains surface detail polygons from VideoScape.  Good for
		Video Toaster owners looking for the more mathematical 3D
		objects that PageRender generates so well.  Other features
		include scaling, batch processing, and a QuickRender module
		that lets you preview the 3D objects in wireframe.  This is
		version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Syd Bolton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0643
---------------------

4Wins		A simple little WorkBench game where the first one to get
		four happy faces in a row wins.
		Author:  Kay Gergs

DSDemo		Demo version of Distant Suns, an Amiga planetarium program
		that has collected numerous awards.  Comes in two versions,
		one that runs under AmigaDOS 1.3 and uses software floating
		point, and another that runs under AmigaDOS 2.0 and requires
		a hardware floating point coprocessor.  The demo includes a
		star database with approximately 3700 stars, some limited
		lunar images, and Halley's comet.  Requires 1 Mb of memory.
		This is version 4.1, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Smithwick

Install		A replacement for the AmigaDOS Install command, with an
		Intuition front end.  This is version 1.1.  Includes source
		in assembly.
		Author:  David Kinder

PCTask		PC-Task is a software IBM-PC emulator.  It allows you to run
		the majority of IBM-PC software on your amiga with no
		additional hardware.  Runs just like a normal application
		allowing multitasking to continue.  The program has a
		graphical user interface and no additional filesystem/device
		mounting is required.  A few clicks with the mouse and it is
		operational.  CGA, MDA, Serial, Parallel, Mouse, 2 Floppy
		drives and 2 Hard drives are emulated.  The hard drives can
		be partitions or hard drive files like the bridgeboard can
		use.  This is demonstration version 1.04.  Full version is
		available from the author.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

CONTENTS OF DISK 0644
---------------------

FontConverter	Converts standard font files into C code structures that
		can be included directly in your program.  Probably most
		useful for people writing programs that take over the machine
		and thus do not have access to the standard fonts directory.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Andreas Baum

SystemInfo	A system configuration display program with an Intuition
		interface.  Recognizes about 80 different product codes and
		about 40 manufacturer ID's.  Displays information about all
		AutoConfig cards, all mounted drives, vectors, processor
		types, and other useful information.  This is version 2.0a,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Kolenbrander

Unsporting	Another cute Aerotoon animation from Eric Schwartz, starring
		the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft, better known as the 'Warthog'.
		This aircraft's job is to hunt and destroy tanks and other
		things on the ground, and that is exactly the subject of this
		animation.  Requires approximately 2Mb of memory.
		Author:  Eric Schwartz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0645
---------------------

DMD		A package that adds many powerful features to DME, including
		outlining and word processing capabilities.  Word processing
		features include spell checking, ANSI code insertion, pagina-
		tion, double spacing, text justification, requester for in-
		serting any character, find & replace requester, and intel-
		ligent paragraph reformatting.  Outlining features allow you
		to write and renumber outlines.  Includes many ARexx macros,
		a large ".edrc" file, a spell checking program, and a dic-
		tionary.  Version 2.00.
		Author:  Fergus Duniho

Elvis		A UNIX vi/ex editor clone.  Supports nearly all the vi/ex
		commands, in both visual mode and colon mode.  Like vi/ex,
		elvis stores most of the text in a temporary file, allowing
		it to edit files that are too large to fit in memory, and
		the edit buffer can survive a power failure or crash.  Also
		supports most vi ".exrc" definitions, supports user defined
		TERM and TERMCAP environment variables, works over an AUX:
		port, supports function keys and arrow keys, and more.  This
		is version 1.5.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steve Kirkendall, Amiga port by Mike Rieser

HDFixer		Some of the newer A3000's have high density floppy drives.  In
		the 37.175 version of kickstart, HD disks are not completely
		supported in HD mode.  This program patches the system so that
		kickstart V37.175 owners are able to use 1.71 MB HD disks in
		the floppy drive.  Requires Workbench 2.04.  This is version
		1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Peter-Iver Edert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0646
---------------------

AppliGen	An Application Generator for Superbase III.  Create the SBpro
		DML program's menus without having to do the same work over
		and over.  Creates Superbase DML sources with menus, labels,
		opening of files, queries, etc.  Many user-selectable options
		(inluding all SBpro SET commands).  Menus can be previewed as
		Intuition menus or text-menus.  Sources and included sub-
		routines can be syntax checked, and exported as ASCII or
		".sbp"-file.  Version 1.0 interpeted language source and
		executable.
		Author:  Ivo Kroone
 
KCommodity	Multifunctional commodity for OS 2.0.  Includes window-
		activator, time-display in several modes and formats, alarm
		function, KeyStroke-Clicker, time to environment, Window/
		Screen cycling, LeftyMouse, ESC-Key can close Windows,
		Revision Control System, telefone bill calculator, Screen-
		/Mouse-Blanker, Mapping of german "Umlauts", PopUp Shell,
		AppIcon support, LeftyMouse, user definable HotKeys.  Fully
		controllable via ARexx-Port.  All settings can be customized
		and saved to disk.  This is version 1.70, requires OS 2.0.
		Written in assembly for speed and efficiency.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

MouseAideDEMO	A demo version of a "Mouse utility" with all the standard
		functions; mouse acceleration with threshold, window and
		screen manipulation by mouse and keyboard, mouse and screen
		blanking, SUN (auto-activation) mouse, user definable "hot
		key" command, etc.  Also has functions other mouse programs
		do not, such as multi-icon-select with only the mouse, left
		and right button swapping, mouse port switching, WorkBench
		to the front function, freezing of the mouse and keyboard of
		all input, etc.  Written in assembly language for efficiency
		in size and CPU usage.  Version 4.23a, an update to version
		3.34a on disk 637.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas J. Czarnecki

SoundZAP	A sound conversion utility that will convert almost any of the
		sampled sound file formats available on different platforms to
		the Amiga's IFF 8SVX format or into RAW data.  It recognizes
		.VOC, .au (ulaw, 16, 24, or 32 bit samples), .WAV, and Macin-
		tosh headered samples, and converts them appropriately. It can
		also identify ulaw, signed, and unsigned RAW data, converting
		it properly.  It treats unidentifiable headered files as RAW,
		so they are treated properly also.  Version 2.3, includes
		source.
		Author:  Michael Cramer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0647
---------------------

Dog		A puzzle where the object is to push boxes to designated
		locations.  Uses HAM mode and is written in JForth. Relative
		difficulty for this puzzle is easy,  but it will take over a
		half hour for most people to find the solution.  This is
		version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  David M Cole

JM		Job Manager is a utility which extends the AmigaDos multi-
		tasking environment by providing features such as: allocation
		of CPU cycles in any ratio to multiple CPU bound processes,
		default task priorities based on task name, task logging,
		system uptime reports, task CPU use and CPU % reports, task
		invocation times, and more.  JM has very little impact on the
		system itself.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or later.  Includes
		68000/20 and 68030/40 versions.  Version 1.1, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 602.  New features include better task
		name detection, an ARexx port, and a number of bug fixes.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

Nova		A puzzle where the object is to push boxes to designated
		locations.  Uses HAM mode and is written in JForth.  Relative
		difficulty for this puzzle is advanced, and it will take over
		two hours for most people to find the solution.  This is
		version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  David M Cole

PowerPlayer	A very powerful, user friendly and system friendly module
		player.  It can handle nearly all useful module-formats
		(Noisetracker, MED, Oktalyzer, etc.), can read powerpacked
		modules and comes along with its own cruncher that uses the
		powerful lh.library written by Krekel/Barthel.  Needs the
		powerpacker.library and the reqtools.library to run, both
		included in the package.  Also includes some sample modules.
		Version 2.1, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

PrintDump	A program that will allow you to view or print out the voice
		data in a Yamaha 32 voice bulk dump file.  Allows you to
		choose any single voice to display or print, or it will
		display or print all the voices in the dump file.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Chuck Brand

VcEd		A Voice (Tone) Editor for the Yamaha 4 Operator series syn-
		thesizers.  Version 2.0, an update to version on disk 345.
		Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Chuck Brand

YamEx		A Sytem Exclusive and Voice Librarian program for all Yamaha
		4 Operator synthesizers.  Works with all 100 voice and 32
		voice Yamaha bulk dumps.  Binary only.  Source code available
		from author.
		Author:  Chuck Brand

CONTENTS OF DISK 0648
---------------------

AddAssign	A small system patch and replacement for the standard CLI
		commands 'assign' and 'path'.  With AddAssign, you may assign
		a logical device (like 'C:' to one OR MORE physical devices or
		directories).  AddAssign is especially useful for programs
		which need a library or something else in a specified path,
		but you don't want them to be there.  Version 1.04, shareware,
		includes source.
		Author:  Alexander Rawass

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects 18 different such viruses.
		Version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk 611.  Includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

Vertex		A 3D object editor with many features.  Has an easy to use
		interface with many user selectable options.  The main view
		can be easily rotated, positioned or scaled with the mouse,
		which makes the editor fast and responsive.  Special features
		include fractals, multiply command, point and click editing,
		an Arexx interface and much more.  This is version 1.36.3, an
		update to version 1.28 on disk 608.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alexander D. Deburie

CONTENTS OF DISK 0649
---------------------

AMancala	This is a slightly modified variant of an old African board
		game called Mankalla.  Zero, one and two player mode, six
		computer playertypes, protocol function, 12 ranking lists
		maintained.  Also a short online manual, SingleStep-Learn-
		Mode and two display modes (numerical, graphical) provided.
		Usage from both Workbench and CLI supported.  Compatible with
		Kickstart 1.3 and 2.0.  This is Version 1.19, binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Thorsten Koschinski

BrowserII	A "Programmer's Workbench".  Allows you to easily and conven-
		iently move, copy, rename, and delete files & directories
		using the mouse.  Also provides a method to execute either
		Workbench or CLI programs by double-clicking them or by sel-
		ecting them from a ParM like Menu whith lots of arguments.
		Version 2.04, an update to version 1.0 on disk 540.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

CLIExe		A XIcon style program.  It allows you to execute a script from
		WB and is completly CLI compatible, because it is a CLI.  Can
		use a real script file or take commands in its own TOOLTYPES.
		Version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 540.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier

LoadLib		Another LoadLib program, but this version take unlimited number
		of arguments in both CLI/WB and remove the quote (") so it can
		work in BrowserII at any time.  Pure so you can put it in your
		resident list.  Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier

ParM		Parameterable Menu.  ParM allows you to build menus to run
		whatever program you have on a disk.  ParM can run programs
		either in WorkBench or CLI mode.  This is an alternative to
		MyMenu which can run only when WorkBench is loaded.  ParM
		can have it's own little window, can attach menus to the CLI
		window you are running it from, or to the WB menus, just like
		MyMenu.  This is version 3.6, an update to version 3.00 on
		disk 540.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

Support		Some libraries and other stuff used by other programs on this
		disk.  Placed here simply to avoid lots of duplication.
		Author:  Various

CONTENTS OF DISK 0650
---------------------

EraseDisk	A small, fast program used to erase a disk by setting all
		bits on the disk to zero.  Version 0.92, an update to version
		0.69 on disk 544.  Binary only.
		Author:  Otto Bernhart

MountShare	Allows you to reuse the loaded code from one device for other
		devices that are applicable.  Using MountShare, you specify a
		master device whose handler will be reused by other devices.
		Author:  Olaf 'Rhialto' Seibert

OwnDevUnit	A package that provides an extended locking mechanism for a
		device/unit pair that makes using programs like getty much
		easier.  Getty is a program that sits on the serial port
		waiting for calls to come in.  By using OwnDevUnit.library, a
		program can request that getty temporarily release the serial
		port.  Version 2.1, an update to version 2.0 on disk 577.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

P-Animate	A full 3D Animation program for producing animations in Anim5
		format, with emphasis on live characters rather than inanimate
		objects.  Can also be used to produce animated illustrations
		for use in P-Reader illustrated texts.  Version 2.1, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Chas A Wyndham

P-Compress	A compression program that produces smaller files faster than
		any other current general-purpose cruncher, using LZH com-
		pression algorithms.  Can handle single files, whole drawers,
		disks, or selected files or types of file within drawers and
		disks.  Includes compression and decompression object files
		which can be linked to your own programs to allow them to
		access and output data in LZH format.  Version 2.3, an update
		to version 2.1 on disk 595, with substantial enhancements.
		Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A.Wyndham, LZH code by Barthel/Krekel

P-FixLib	A new P-Suite utility that diverts calls to DOS library so
		that P-Compressed files are decompressed before being opened
		or executed.  Any type of file, inluding icons, executables,
		libraries, fonts, texts, etc. may be compressed.  Effectively
		doubles the capacity of your disks.  Version 1.2, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Chas A.Wyndham

CONTENTS OF DISK 0651
---------------------

501		This program keeps score for the dart game 501. Games recorded 
		via the keyboard create a data base reflecting each player's 
		performance.  The statistics track personal bests, averages, 
		win percentages and high scores.  Written and compiled using
		HiSoft Basic Professional.  Version 1.12, binary only.
		Author:  Gilles Lepage

Icons		A bunch of 8-color icons for systems running AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Previously released 8-color icons from the author appeared
		on disks 213 and 533.
		Author:  Wolf-Peter Dehnick

SID		A very comprehensive directory utility for the Amiga that
		supports at least a couple of dozen different commands for
		operating on files.  Version 2.0, an update to version 1.06
		on disk 338.  Binary only.
		Author:  Timm Martin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0652
---------------------

ARTM		Amiga Real Time Monitor displays and controls system activity
		such as tasks, windows, libraries, devices, resources, ports,
		residents, interrupts, vectors, memory, mounts, assigns,
		locks, fonts, hardware and res_cmds.  This is version 1.6, an
		update to version 1.3c on disk 551.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dietmar Jansen and F. J. Mertens

bBaseII		A simple database program using an intuition interface.
		Stores, sorts and searches for information.  Limited to
		9 fields in each record.  Features include fast sorting,
		search in any field, mailing label support, and best of all,
		it's really easy to use.  This is version 5.32, which fixes
		some bugs which crept into version 5.3 on disk 609.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

Brain		A small multitasking game which is made for entertainment
		during compiling/linking.  Your task is to create a formation
		of numbers from 1 to 4 given randomly by the computer.  If you
		click on an empty plot, a '1' will appear and all neighbours
		will raise their numbers by one.  Version 1.01, includes
		source.
                Author:  Andr Wichmann

Burf		A BackUp ReFresher written in Rexx.  Designed to maintain
		backups of important directories between full volume backups.
		Copies only new and modified files, using either archive flags
		or date comparison.  Can optionally delete from the backup any
		files and subdirectories not found in the original.  This is
		version 1.00.
		Author:  Michael Tanzer

Elements	Very nice interactive display of the the Periodic Table of
		Elements.  Includes general row and column information, plus
		a test mode where the program asks specific questions about
		the selected element or row/column.  This is version 3.0, an
		update to version 2.3b on disk 593.  Now is completely Amiga-
		DOS 2.0 conformant.  Path and language information are config-
		urable from the icon, uses 2.0 proportional fonts, can be
		opened on a public screen, and includes German and Swedish
		name files.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Thomas Miller

Notify		A suite of Rexx programs that can be used to issue messages or
		run commands automatically on certain days and/or at certain
		times of day.  Facilities are provided for the adding, editing
		and deleting of messages, and for displaying the times and
		texts of pending messages.  A chime program is included to
		enable the time to be announced at regular intervals.  This is
		version 1.02, an update to version 1.01 on disk 603.
		Author:  Michael Tanzer

SwitchColors	Allows you to switch between three palettes: WorkBench 1.x
                standard colors, WorkBench 2.0 standard colors and your own
                palette.  Version 2.0, includes source in C.
                Author:  Guido Wegener

CONTENTS OF DISK 0653
---------------------

AniMan		AniMan combines Amiga animation, speech synthesis, and voice
		recognition, to provide you with an animated talking head
		that will run any Amiga program by voice command.  Ask for
		an Amiga program by name, and AniMan will oblige.  If AniMan
		becomes impatient, you may be insulted.  AniMan will also
		recite poetry if you ask nicely.  This is Version 2.1 of Ani-
		Man, which requires only 512K chip memory and supports both
		the Perfect Sound 3 or Sound Master (Sound Magic) audio digi-
		tizers.  AniMan is like nothing you've ever seen before.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

BumpRev		Implements easy creation of source code revision headers,
		similar to the log headers to be found at the top of the
		Amiga 'C' include files.  Is a rewritten version of the
		DoRevision program from disk 325.  This version can be used
		for assembler source files as well as C source files.  This
		is version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Torsten Jrgeleit

FileSelect	A new file requester which is small, fast and has some new
		features.  It has a flexible filter option, optional DOS-
		gadgets (delete, rename and makedir), displays the size of
		a program, is fast, can display all connected devices, etc.
		Version 2.0, includes source in assembly language.
		Author:  Andr Wichmann

HardBlocks	A shared library with support routines for Commodore's hard-
		block standard, and a small tool which demonstrates use of
		the library.  Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Torsten Jrgeleit

MidiDiag	Displays midi data as well as indicating which midi function
		was detected.  Version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Dosa

WBase		A handy database which stays as a small window on your Work-
		bench screen and supports PowerPacked files, even crunching
		them itself.  It also allows you to run programs from it.
		This is version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Simon Dick

WControl	A printer style controller which stays on the Workbench
		screen and allows you to change your printers styles, it
		works through whatever printer driver you have and so works
		with all printers.  This is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Simon Dick

CONTENTS OF DISK 0654
---------------------

2View		2View is an ILBM picture viewer for use under Workbench
		2.0.  It supports all standard Amiga graphics modes, SHAM,
		MacroPaint-style dynamic hires, color cycling, ARexx, and
		both the CLI and Workbench.  A list of files to display can
		be given, or each filename can be specified individually.
		Each picture can be shown for a specified period of time or
		until the user clicks the left mouse button.  Version 1.50,
		an upgrade to version 1.11 on disk 546. Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

DSound		DSound is an 8SVX sound sample player that plays samples
		directly off a hard drive, without having to load the
		entire sample into memory first, making it possible to play
		samples of any length even under limited memory condition.
		This version fixes bugs and adds support for stereo samples
		and playing a mono sample out of both left and right
		channels.  In addition, DSound can now be made resident.
		Version 1.00, an update to version 0.91a on disk 546.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Intuisup	A shared library with support routines for using texts, menus,
		borders, gadgets, requesters, and more, under AmigaDOS 1.3.
		Includes a template editor and source to library and test
		programs.  This is version 4.0, an update to version 3.0 on
		disk 601.
		Author:  Torsten Jrgeleit

NewBoot		A new bootblock which optionally kills all fastmem, avoids
		NTSC-Amigas (PAL version only), opens the CLI-screen with
		the maximum size of 256 pixels (PAL version only), installs
		a fast TurboFonts routine which speeds up all _LVOText
		activities and changes the color during booting to show that
		no virus is on disk.  All options can be skipped by pressing
		a mouse button.  Version 1.1, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Andr Wichmann

SANA		Main text of the final (v1.0) SANA-II Network Device Driver
		Specification.  To actually develop a SANA-II device or
		software which directly uses one, you will need additional
		information (available from CATS).  Update to the obsolete
		version on disk 540.
		Author:  Dale Larson, Greg Miller, Brian Jackson, Ken Dyke

WBLink		WBLink adds an 'AppIcon' to the Workbench 2.0 screen that
		creates a link to whatever file or directory is dragged on
		top of it.  This version fixes some bugs and lets the user
		specify where the icon will be placed.  Version 1.10, an
		update to version 1.00 on disk 546. Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0655
---------------------

Ashido		A clone of the commercial game 'Ishido'.  You must put 62
		tiles with 6 different patterns and 6 different colors on a
		12 x 7 board, but only tiles with either same color or same
		pattern may touch each other.  Six different game modes.
		The best players scores are saved to disk.  Version 1.0,
		includes source in assembly language.
		Author:  Andr Wichmann

Haktar		A kind of Adventure Construction Kit based on an easy-to-
		learn interpreter language.  With it, you can create moder-
		ately complex multiple choice adventures.  Some example
		adventures are included.  Version 1.6, includes source.
		Author:  Guido Wegener

CONTENTS OF DISK 0656
---------------------

CyberCron	A cron utility for AmigaDOS 2.0.  Uses the new, more flexible,
		AmigaDOS 2.0 technique for running programs.  Offers an ex-
		tended set of options that may be specified for any given
		event.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

JbSpool		A print spooler written specifically for AmigaDOS 2.0.  Has
		been implemented as a commodity and written with the "User
		Interface Style Guide" close at hand.  Features a complete
		font adaptable GUI containing a lot of control gadgets and
		menus.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

Pipeline	A game like the commercial game 'Pipe dream' (Pipe mania).
		Needs a joystick.  High scores are saved to disk.  This is
		version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk 358.  Includes
		source in assembly language.
                Author:  Andr Wichmann

SurfacePlot	SurfacePlot is a math tool for drawing 3-dimensional parame-
		terized surfaces.  Useful for visualizing the surfaces used
		in various mathematics classes.  Allows you to use three
		separate functions for the X, Y, and Z coordinates.  Includes
		rotation and zoom for changing the viewpoint.  Version 2.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Ole Bak Jensen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0657
---------------------

BaldricDemo	Demo version of a commercial platform style game.  Works with
		PAL or NTSC.  Binary only.
		Author:  Lindsay Whipp

K4Editor	Demo version of a sound editor for the Kawai K4 Sythesizer.
		Displays and allow editing of all parameters of midi data
		dumps.  This is version 0.99, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Stengle and Bernd Jessel

NoDelete	This program pops up a requestor to alert you of a file de-
		letion being attempted via DeleteFile() and allows you to
		accept or cancel it.  This also pertains to any files you
		attempt to delete via "delete".  Version 2.01, an update to
		version 1.5a on disk 477.  Includes source.
		Author:  Uwe Schuerkamp

CONTENTS OF DISK 0658
---------------------

Bump		A little tool that makes it easy to keep the version string in
		your source code up-to-date.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

Enforcer	Detects/protects against illegal memory hits. Compatible
		with all OS versions & machines (requires a Memory Management
		Unit or 68030 processor).  The low 1K of memory and all
		areas that are not RAM are protected from CPU reads or
		writes.  ROM is marked as read-only.  Version 2.8b, an
		update to version 2.6f on disk 474.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bryce Nesbitt

NoFragLib	A library containing 6 routines for defragmenting memory.
		This is version 2.2, an update to the version on disk 503.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

RDM		A fast, small, efficent and easy to use DirUtility with
		UNIX-compress compatible packer and endless number of
		configurable buttons, as well as all the usual features.
		This is Version 0.99, the DEMO version of 1.0, which can
		be ordered from author.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Reginald Lowack

Skew		Skeleton Writer is a tool for generating C code for various
		Intuition based applications.  You click the mouse and the
		code gets written.  Similar to PowerSource and GadToolsBox,
		but with slightly different functionality.
		Author:  Piotr Obminski

View		A text displayer with many controls and features including
		searches, file requestors, jump to editor etc.  Version 2.0,
		an update to version 1.5 on disk 570.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jan Van Den Baard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0659
---------------------

Adventure	The Colossal Cave Adventure, by Donald Woods and Will
		Crowther.  This program runs from the CLI or Workbench, and
		is virtually identical to the original mainframe classic.
		Version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Donald Woods, Will Crowther; ported by Tony Belding

Celest		AKA Celestial Caesars, a strategy game for up to nine players.
		This simple wargame pits you against any combination of human
		or computer opponents.  The game uses an Intuition interface,
		and can be played by file-mail.  Version 1.11, binary only.
		Author:  Tony Belding

GadToolsBox	A program that lets you draw/edit GadTools gadgets and menus
		and then generates the corresponding C or assembly code for
		you.  This is version 1.3, an update to version 1.0 on disk
		570.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

MungWall	Munges memory and watches for illegal FreeMem's.  Especially
		useful in combination with Enforcer.  Output can go to either
		the serial or parallel port.  Includes a new MungList program
		that examines used memory areas for MungWall tag info, and
		outputs a list of who owns the various pieces of allocated
		memory, their sizes, etc.  Can even identify the owner of the
		memory by task name.  Version 37.51, binary only.
		Author:  Commodore Amiga; submitted by Carolyn Scheppner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0660
---------------------

Diamonds	Drive your little thief buggy around the screen and try to
		pick up the diamonds while avoiding all the nasties on the
		screen.  Freeware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Harshy Wanigasekara

Eaters		A screen hack that places a number of creatures called Eaters
		on the screen.  These hungry Eaters live on white dots, con-
		suming them and leaving black droppings in their place.  When
		not near a white dot, they move randomly.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Guido Wegener

Kan		A program that patches a replacement delete function into
		the DOS library.  This program will simulate the Trashcan
		function provided by Workbench.  Support programs provided
		to allow automatic purging of Kan directory from startup
		sequence.  Compatible with 1.3, 2.0 and Amiga 3000. Version
		1.0, binary only.
		Author:  James Butts

LoveMice	A short form of the Mice In Love algorithm published in Sci-
		entific American (Spektrum der Wissenschaft).  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Guido Wegener

VMB		Demo version of Video Music Box, a program designed to pro-
		vide an easy to learn and use environment for Amiga multi-
		media background music composition, while requiring no prior
		music compositional knowledge.  Basic sequences are generated
		in many common musical styles from pre-arranged music pattern
		templates and chord progressions.  Special tools provide the
		ability to add new notes or parts that follow the chord pro-
		gression.  Compositions can be previewed over MIDI or the in-
		ternal audio, and saved as MIDI or IFF SMUS files.
		Author:  David Strohbeen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0661
---------------------

Citadel		A full featured Amiga BBS program with all the necessary
		files to setup your own BBS.  Citadel is a room structured
		message system with the fundamental design goal of providing
		a congenial forum conducive to interesting discussions.
		Messages are stored and retrieved in chronological order
		within each room.  Callers may travel freely between the
		rooms, reading old messages and posting new ones.  This is
		part one of a two part distribution.  Part two is on disk
		662.  Both parts are required.  Binary only, source available
		from authors.
		Author:  Jay Johnston, Hue JR., and Tony Preston

CONTENTS OF DISK 0662
---------------------

BlackHole	A file deletion utility for v2.04 and greater of the operating
		system.  When run, it puts an appicon on the Workbench screen.
		Any file/drawer icons that are dropped on it will be deleted.
		Double clicking on the appicon brings up an options window.
		Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Alan Singfield

Citadel		A full featured Amiga BBS program with all the necessary
		files to setup your own BBS.  Citadel is a room structured
		message system with the fundamental design goal of providing
		a congenial forum conducive to interesting discussions.
		Messages are stored and retrieved in chronological order
		within each room.  Callers may travel freely between the
		rooms, reading old messages and posting new ones.  This is
		part two of a two part distribution.  Part one is on disk
		661.  Both parts are required.  Binary only, source available
		from authors.
		Author:  Jay Johnston, Hue JR., and Tony Preston

Fitness		A little WorkBench hack with the aim of keeping you fit.  A
		little fellow will pop up on the screen periodically, to
		remind you to interrupt your work and do some exercises.
		Version 1.10, binary only.
		Author:  Sioe-Lin Kwik

HiraganaDemo	Demo version of a Hiragana (Japanese caligraphy) learning
		module.  This module allows the user to see the strokes
		actually drawn in the proper order to write each Hiragana
		symbol, as well as hear a digitized pronunciation of the
		syllable, and a word actually using that symbol.  Demo
		version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Wayne Quigley Sr

Ninfo		A disassembler for memory, boot blocks, objects, libraries,
		and executables.  Version 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Tony Preston

Space		Citadel Space Empire is a multiplayer game for up to 25
		players.  The documentation shows how to set it up as a door
		for the Citadel BBS.  Version 2.6, binary only.
		Author:  Tony Preston

CONTENTS OF DISK 0663
---------------------

DebugUtils	Some tools for use in debugging applications.  When used with
		Enforcer and Mungwall, they comprise an integrated set that
		gives the programmer a powerful and flexible debugging aide.
		Author:  Mark Porter

DeskJet		A CLI/Workbench interface to control a Hewlett-Packard Desk-
		Jet 500 printer, enabling the user to select an internal font
		to print one or more files, or to initialise the printer.
		This is version 2.16, an update to version 2.10 on FF539
		(where it was called PF).  Includes source in SAS C.
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti

DiskTest	A utility to test the integrity of floppy disks, ala Norton
		Utilities.  This is version 1.18, an update to version 1.12
		on disk 539, where it was called DT.  Includes source.
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti

ENote		Edit a filenote easier than with the standard filenote pro-
		gram.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  D. W. Reisig

UnixUtils	A collection of UNIX like programs for the Amiga.  Includes
		head, tail, sort, strings, diff and find. The first four are
		original programs; find is derived from tree by Tomas Rokicki,
		diff is a port of the GNU version.  Includes source.
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti

XNote		Execute a filenote.  It looks a little like the Project icon
		of the Workbench, but this time in the CLI.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  D. W. Reisig

CONTENTS OF DISK 0664
---------------------

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects 21 different such viruses.
		Version 1.3, an update to version 1.2 on disk 648.  Includes
		source in assembly.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

DockIcon	Collection of miscellaneous icons with a definite NeXT
		flavor, for AmiDock, ToolManager, and a new graphical
		interface under development.
		Author:  Franais Pinault

Ishid-o-matic	An Ishido type game.  Lots of features, like single player,
		two players, tournament mode, highscore tables, sound, etc.
		Includes partial source in Modula-2.
		Author:  Robert Brandner

ShiftIt		A small game, for installation on the workbench.  Useful if
                you must wait for the compiler or something else.  Binary
		only.
                Author:  Robert Brandner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0665
---------------------

Arq		Replaces the standard system requesters with nice animated
		requesters which you can also attach different sounds to.
		Works under AmigaDOS 1.3 or 2.0 to give all the normal
		system requesters a nice new look.  Version 1.66, an update
		to version 1.61 on disk 527.  Now allows custom animations.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Martin Laubach, Peter Wlcek, and Rene Hexel

DiskSpeed	A disk speed testing program specifically designed to give
		the most accurate results of the true disk performance of
		the disk under test.  Automatically updates and maintains an
		ASCII database of disk results for tested disks.  This is
		version 4.2, an update to version 4.1 on disk 574.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

Intrepid	An arcade/strategy game in which you must navigate a high
		tech tank through the Antarctic to rescue a scientist taken
		hostage by terrorists.  Version 1.5, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Gage

CONTENTS OF DISK 0666
---------------------

Catacomb	A graphic adventure game set on a small island in the middle
		of the land of EXOUSIA.  Your quest is to discover the secrets
		and treasures of this underground maze, while staying alive.
		Version 1.6, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Gage

KME		KME is another keymap editor, that you can use to edit the
		Amiga keymaps used by the Setmap command.  Version 1.2,
		includes source in Oberon.
		Author:  Christian Stiens

Spectroscope	A program for realtime frequency analysis with PerfectSound-2
		compatible audio digitizers.  Version 1.1, includes source in
		Oberon.
		Author:  Christian Stiens

CONTENTS OF DISK 0667
---------------------

Cooltunes	Two volumes of songs written with MED.  Includes "Exarch", 
		"Sedative", "Hypersonix", and "SlowPlay".  Uses MEDplayer
		to play the songs.
		Author:  Robert J. Perrine

PopUpMenu	A small program that makes it possible for you to use pop-up-
		menus with any program that uses standard intuition menus.
		Version 4.3, an update to version 3.5 on disk 422.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Martin Adrian

CONTENTS OF DISK 0668
---------------------

Exploding	An AmigaDOS 2.0 version of "exploding windows" that explodes
		and implodes windows in a fancy manner, catches all window
		resize and move events, works with all OpenWindowTags, and
		installs as a commodity.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Schildbach

Textra		This easy-to-use text editor allows multiple windows, and
		provides a simple mouse driven interface.  Those familiar
		with the "Macintosh style" editors will be comfortable with
		Textra's Cut, Copy and Paste commands.  Documentation inclu-
		ded.  Version 1.12, an update to version 1.0 on disk 239,
		with many enhancements.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Haas

Vlt		VLT is both a VT100 emulator and a Tektronix (4014 plus
		subset of 4105) emulator, currently in use at SLAC
		(Stanford Linear Accelerator Center).  Although the VT100
		part was originally based on Dave Wecker et al.'s VT100,
		many enhancements were made.  Features include use of ARP,
		an ARexx port, XMODEM 1K/CRC and Kermit protocols, support
		for additional serial ports, external file transfer protocols
		(XPR), a "chat" mode, and scrollback/review/history buffer.
		It comes in two versions, one with Tektronix emulation, and
		one without.  The Tektronix emulation allows saving IFF files,
		PostScript files, and printing bitmaps to the printer.  This
		is version 5.517, an update to version 5.045 on disk 468.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Willy Langeveld

CONTENTS OF DISK 0669
---------------------

Leggi		A powerful ISO/ANSI text reader which strictly follows Commo-
		dore's application guidelines.  Features include unlimited
		number of windows on any public screen, scrolling with both
		mouse and keys, full AUISG menus and ARexx commands, clip-
		board support, AppWindows, fast and residentable activator,
		full configurability of the keyboard, preferences file and
		editor to change preferences, background mode, and more.
		Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

Post		An excellent PostScript interpreter for the Amiga which
		implements the full Adobe language.  Supports type 1 and
		type 3 fonts, screen output, file output, and printer
		output.  Requires Arp library V39+ and ConMan V1.3+ (only
		under AmigaDOS 1.3).  This is version 1.7, an update to
		version 1.6 on disk 518.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Adrian Aylward

SCSIutil	A CLI utility to issue commands to a SCSI disk using a spe-
		cific SCSI id number.  Commands include inquiry, seek, start/
		stop motor, read sector(s), read capacity, etc.  Freeware,
		includes source.
		Author:  Gary Duncan

VirusChecker	A virus checker that can check memory, disk bootblocks, and
		all disk files for signs of most known viruses.  Can remember
		nonstandard bootblocks that you indicate are OK and not bother
		you about them again.  Includes an ARexx port.  Version 6.05,
		an update to version 5.30 on disk 556.  Binary only.
		Author:  John Veldthuis

CONTENTS OF DISK 0670
---------------------

DirWork		A fast, small, efficient, DirUtility.  Configurable options
		and buttons, as well as all the usual features.  Comes with
		external configuration editor.  This is version 1.51, an
		update to version 1.43 on disk 570.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

Mostra		Mostra is a shareware IFF utility featuring real-time
		unpacking scroll, dozens of options, "smart" analysis of
		any IFF file (FORMs, LISTs,...  also nested ILBM!), total
		control over display modes, simple slideshow processing,
		pattern matching, SHAM, an external link to show Dynamic
		Mode pictures, double buffering, fast decompression, color
		cycling, TeXdocs, startup files for easy custom configur-
		ations and complete WB support, through ToolTypes and
		Style icons!  This is version 1.06, an update to version
		1.04 on disk 476.  Binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna 

Scan		Program to scan file contents for matches to one or more
		specified patterns.  Claimed to search hard drives twice as
		fast as the best search programs currently available, and
		ram drives five times faster than other programs.  Can
		optionally scan the contents of files in LZH and LHA archives.
		Supports searching for multiple patterns simultaneously.
		Other features include extensive wildcard support, optional
		inverted pattern matching, recursive directory scanning,
		line search highlights of matching words with selectable
		color, and more.  This is version 1.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Walter Rothe

CONTENTS OF DISK 0671
---------------------

dvi2tty		A program to convert TeX's dvi output files to ASCII format
		for printing or previewing on text terminals.  Version 4.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Svante Lindahl, Marcel Mol, et. al.  Amiga port by
			 Martin Hohl

JcGraphDemo	Demo version of a ShareWare Business grapher with Intuition
		interface.  JcGraph can show your data as bar, line, planes,
		stack, blocks, 2D and 3D, etc.  Features realtime rotation
		around X, Y, Z axis, on-line help, professional looking 2D
		and 3D graph output, and more.  Can output EPS, 3D GEO,
		AegisDraw2000 and IFF ILBM format files.  Demo version 0.903.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jean-Christophe Clment.

mkmake		A make file generator, originally written for Turbo-C and MS-
		DOS, and now ported to the Amiga by the author.  Version 0.3,
		includes source.
		Author:  Martin Hohl

MPE		A compiler tool for users of the M2amiga programming environ-
		ment.  MPE does the same job better than your batch file.  You
		can do everything with the mouse or the right amiga key.  With
		this Modula-2 Programming Environment you can compile, link,
		and run your program.  When there is an error, the editor is
		started automatically.  You can set all switches for M2C, M2L
		and M2Make.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

tr2tex		Converts documents in UNIX troff format to LaTeX format.  It
		is intended to do the first pass of the conversion, with the
		user finishing up the rest of the conversion.  Most of the
		converted document will be in LaTeX format, but some of it
		may be in plain TeX.  Amiga version 1.02, includes source.
		Author:  Kamal Al-Yahya; Amiga port by Martin Hohl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0672
---------------------

Indent		A C source code formatter/indenter.  Especially useful for
		cleaning up inconsistently indented code.  Version 1.3, an
		update to version 1.1 on disk 262.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, Amiga port by Carsten Steger

SKsh		A ksh like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features include
		command substitution, shell functions, aliases, local varia-
		bles, emacs and vi style command line editing, I/O redirect-
		ion, pipes, UNIX style wildcards, a large variety of commands,
		and coexistence with scripts from other shells.  Well docu-
		mented.  Version 2.0, an update to version 1.7 on disk 489.
		New features include real pipes, AmigaDos 2.04 support, en-
		hanced ARexx handling, and more.  Binary only.  Requires
		AmigaDos 2.04.
		Author:  Steve Koren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0673
---------------------

KCommodity	Multifunctional commodity for OS 2.0.  Includes window-
		activator, time-display in several modes and formats, alarm
		function, KeyStroke-Clicker, time to environment, Window/
		Screen cycling, LeftyMouse, ESC-Key can close Windows,
		Revision Control System, telefone bill calculator, Screen-
		/Mouse-Blanker, Mapping of german "Umlauts", PopUp Shell,
		AppIcon support, LeftyMouse, user definable HotKeys.  Fully
		controllable via ARexx-Port.  All settings can be customized
		and saved to disk.  This is version 1.75, an update to version
		1.70 on disk 646, with many new features.  Requires OS 2.0.
		Written in assembly for speed and efficiency.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

Offender	Demo version of a fast shoot'em up game based on Williams'
		Defender game.  Runs at 50/60 frames per second.  Includes
		PAL and NTSC versions.  Kickstart 2.04 compatible.  Requires
		68020 CPU and 68881 FPU or better.  Version 1.02, an update
		to version 1.01 on disk 631.  Shareware, binary only.  Full
		version and/or source code available with shareware payment.
                Author:  Fred Bayer

SANA		The official Commodore developer information package for the
		SANA-II Network Device Drivers.  Includes the SANA-II spec,
		readme files, SANA-II drivers for Commodore's A2065 (Ethernet)
		and A2060 (ARCNET) boards, docs and includes.  More complete
		package than just the specification included on disk 654.
		Author:  Commodore-Amiga Networking Group

ShellTools	Four small useful programs.  PIPE provides command line pipes,
		HISTORY allows the history to be loaded, saved, and listed,
		FOREACH is a fancy loop and variable expansion command,and
		RECORDER saves all console input and output in a file.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Andy Finkel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0674
---------------------

Hextract	A complete header file reference.  Definitions, structures,
		structure members and offsets, flag values, library contents,
		function definitions, registers, library offsets, etc. The
		data from a set of V1.3 Amiga and Lattice header files is
		packed into the included file "headers.z" for immediate
		reference by Hextract.  Version V1.1, freeware.  Includes
		part source.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

IFFLib		An easy to use Amiga library which gives you some powerful
		routines for dealing with IFF files, especially ILBM files
		(pictures), ANIM files (animations), and 8SVX files (digi-
		tized sounds).  It is written completely in assembler and
		is just 3Kb.  Includes source and binaries for several
		example programs that use the library.  This is version
		22.2, an update to version 16.1 on disk 301.  Binary only.
		Author:  Christian A. Weber

NewIFF		This is version 37.9 of new IFF code modules and examples for
		use with the Release 2 iffparse.library.  This code release is
		again 1.3 compatible (the 37.8 release was not).  This code is
		intended to replace the 1985 EA IFF code modules, providing
		significant enhancements including support for arbitrary dis-
		play modes and overscan (2.0), clipboard load/save, central-
		ized string handling (for ease of localization), and simpli-
		fied subroutines for displaying, saving, and printing ILBMs.
		And the 8SVX reader now plays!
		Author:  Submitted by Carolyn Scheppner

P-Writer	A text editor with special facilities for inserting text
		color and style changes and for preparing illustrated texts
		for P-Reader.  Version 3.3, an update to version 3.2 on disk
		595.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

CONTENTS OF DISK 0675
---------------------

F2C		A program that translates Fortran 77 source into C or
		C++ source.  F2C lets one portably mix C and Fortran,
		and makes a large body of well tested Fortran source
		code available to C environments.  Amiga port done for
		SAS/C 5.10B, and includes libraries for use with SAS/C.
		Includes full source in C.
		Author:  S. I. Feldman, David M. Gay, Mark W. Maimone
			 N. L. Schryer; Amiga port by Martin Hohl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0676
---------------------

FBM		An Amiga port of the Fuzzy PixMap image manipulation library.
		This package allows manipulation and conversion of a variety
		of color and B&W image formats.  Supported formats include Sun
		rasterfiles, GIF, IFF, PCX, PBM bitmaps, "face" files, and FBM
		files.  Also has input converters for raw images, like Digi-
		View files, and output converters for PostScript and Diablo
		graphics.  Besides doing format conversion, some of the other
		image manipulation operations supported include rectangular
		extraction, density and contrast changes, rotation, quantiza-
		tion, halftone grayscaling, edge sharpening, and histograms.
		Disk 676 contains m68000 binaries and docs, disk 677 contains
		m68020/m68881 binaries, and disk 678 contains the sources.
		Version 1.0.
		Author:  Michael Mauldin; Amiga port by Martin Hohl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0677
---------------------

FBM		An Amiga port of the Fuzzy PixMap image manipulation library.
		This package allows manipulation and conversion of a variety
		of color and B&W image formats.  Supported formats include Sun
		rasterfiles, GIF, IFF, PCX, PBM bitmaps, "face" files, and FBM
		files.  Also has input converters for raw images, like Digi-
		View files, and output converters for PostScript and Diablo
		graphics.  Besides doing format conversion, some of the other
		image manipulation operations supported include rectangular
		extraction, density and contrast changes, rotation, quantiza-
		tion, halftone grayscaling, edge sharpening, and histograms.
		Disk 676 contains m68000 binaries and docs, disk 677 contains
		m68020/m68881 binaries, and disk 678 contains the sources.
		Version 1.0.
		Author:  Michael Mauldin; Amiga port by Martin Hohl

MakeLink	A replacement for the original AmigaDOS 2.0 MakeLink command.
		Supports both hard and soft links.  Residentable.  This is
		version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

Mostra		Mostra is a shareware IFF utility featuring real-time
		unpacking scroll, dozens of options, "smart" analysis of
		any IFF file (FORMs, LISTs,...  also nested ILBM!), total
		control over display modes, simple slideshow processing,
		pattern matching, SHAM, an external link to show Dynamic
		Mode pictures, double buffering, fast decompression, color
		cycling, TeXdocs, startup files for easy custom configur-
		ations and complete WB support, through ToolTypes and
		Style icons!  This is version 1.07, an update to version
		1.06 on disk 670, and fixes a bug with parsing IFF files.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna 

PM		A tool that monitors the Amiga system's CPU usage using some
		hooks that are available in 2.04 EXEC.  The program uses the
		high resolution EClock timer to get real time values for the
		amount of time the processor spends running tasks and the
		amount of time it spends between tasks (in task switch and
		in sleep).  Version 37.8, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0678
---------------------

FBM		An Amiga port of the Fuzzy PixMap image manipulation library.
		This package allows manipulation and conversion of a variety
		of color and B&W image formats.  Supported formats include Sun
		rasterfiles, GIF, IFF, PCX, PBM bitmaps, "face" files, and FBM
		files.  Also has input converters for raw images, like Digi-
		View files, and output converters for PostScript and Diablo
		graphics.  Besides doing format conversion, some of the other
		image manipulation operations supported include rectangular
		extraction, density and contrast changes, rotation, quantiza-
		tion, halftone grayscaling, edge sharpening, and histograms.
		Disk 676 contains m68000 binaries and docs, disk 677 contains
		m68020/m68881 binaries, and disk 678 contains the sources.
		Version 1.0.
		Author:  Michael Mauldin; Amiga port by Martin Hohl

PPLib		A shared library to make life easy for people who wish to
		write programs that support PowerPacker.  Loading crunched
		files from C or assembly is made fast, short and easy.
		This is release 1.5, an update to version 1.4 on disk 623.
		Includes example source.
		Author:  Nico Francois

ReOrg		ReOrg is a fast disk optimizer that can be used for floppy
		disks and hard disks.  Supports new Kickstart 2.04 features
		including hard and soft links, and High-Density drives.
		Includes program versions in English and German for use
		with Kickstart 1.2/1.3 or Kickstart 2.04.  Versions 1.1
		and 2.1, shareware, binary only, first release.
		Author:  Holger Kruse

ResAnalyzer	An OS 2.04 compatible ResModules monitor.  ResAnalyzer can
		show you all information related to Captures, KickMemPtr,
		KickTagPtr, KickChkSum and ResModules entries in the ExecBase
		structure.  A great help for resident modules developers and
		for people who want to check if something (like a virus) is
		resident in memory.  ResAnalyzer can detect ResModules OS
		2.04 system flags.  Version 2.2, binary only.
		Author:  Silvio Umberto Zanzi

CONTENTS OF DISK 0679
---------------------

Backcoupling	A simulation of screen-camera-backcoupling.  Generates a
		series of backcoupled pictures out of a start picture.  You
		can change several parameters, such as sharpness, rotation
		angle and signal translation.  Includes both German and
		English versions.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Gentner

RayShade	Rayshade is a ray tracing program ported to the Amiga from
		UNIX.  Rayshade's features include eleven types of primitives
		(blob, box, cone, cylinder, height field, plane, polygon,
		sphere, torus, flat- and Phong-shaded triangle); composite
		objects; point, directional, and extended (area) spot, and
		quadrilateral light sources;  solid procedural texturing and
		bump mapping of primitives; antialiasing through variable-
		rate "jittered" sampling; arbitrary linear transformations
		on objects and texture/bump maps;  Use of uniform spatial
		subdivision or hierarchy of bounding volumes to speed render-
		ing; options to facilitate rendering of stereo pairs; rudi-
		mentary animation support, and more.  This is version 4.0,
		patchlevel 6, and includes sources in C.  The modifications
		for Amiga & SAS/C are distributed as diff files.  Some example
		input files are also included.  This is an update to version
		3.0 on disk 596.
		Author:  Craig E. Kolb, Amiga Port by Martin Hohl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0680
---------------------

ATAP		Adobe Type Access Package allows users of Professional Page
		(Gold Disk, inc.) and compatible applications to use typefaces
		available from Adobe Systems or other vendors.  Includes AFM
		and screen font converters, sample AFMs and screen fonts from
		the Macintosh, and a Macintosh/USA1 keymap.  Includes source
		in C for AFM converter and font unpacker.
		Author:  Gordon Fecyk

SatTrack	A satellite tracking program.  Allows for selection of a data-
		base that can contain up to 300 satellites.  Tracks satellites
		on a graphics display of the world.  All graphics are IFF com-
		patible, allowing for loading of display to standard painting
		program.  Allows for input of satellite information using
		either standard data format or by simple user input.  All
		operations use standard windows and menus.  SatTrack has a
		simulation mode that allows for predictions in the future.
		This is version 2.1A, demo copy, binary only.
		Author:  Randy Stackhouse  

VirusChecker	A virus checker that can check memory, disk bootblocks, and
		all disk files for signs of most known viruses.  Can remember
		nonstandard bootblocks that you indicate are OK and not bother
		you about them again.  Includes an ARexx port.  Version 6.06,
		an update to version 6.05 on disk 669.  Binary only.
		Author:  John Veldthuis

CONTENTS OF DISK 0681
---------------------

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS
		release 2.x (Kickstart 37.175 and Workbench 37.67 or higher
		required).  Features include total configurability, full
		ARexx control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification
		after download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto
		upload and download, scrollable review buffer of unlimited
		size, solid and fully-featured VT100/VT220/ANSI emulation,
		optional fast atomic terminal emulation, hotkey support,
		powerful phonebook and dialing functions, ability to save and
		print the contents of the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file,
		full overscan and screen resolution support (new ECS screen
		modes included), asynchronous operation and a lot more.  Comes
		with seven Xpr-transfer libraries (ascii, jmodem, kermit,
		quickb, xmodem, ymodem & zmodem) and documentation both in
		German and in English.  This is version 2.2a, an update to
		version 1.9c on disk 589.  Includes full source in `C' and
		assembly language.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0682
---------------------

AmiBack		Demo version of Ami-Back v2.0, a nice backup utility for the
		Amiga.  Features include backup to any AmigaDOS compatible
		device (such as floppies, removable hard disks, fixed media
		hard disk, and tape drives), compression, no copy protection,
		configuration files, complete backups, incremental backups,
		selective backups, file exclusion filter, setting of archive
		bit, password protected backups, online help, AREXX support,
		etc.  Demo version does not have restore.  Version 2.0a, an
		update to version 1.04 on disk 517.  Binary only.
		Author:  MoonLighter Software

CyberCron	A cron utility for AmigaDOS 2.0.  Uses the new, more flexible,
		AmigaDOS 2.0 technique for running programs.  Offers an ex-
		tended set of options that may be specified for any given
		event.  Version 1.3, an update to version 1.2 on disk 656.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

ReqChange	A little program that patches the system requesters to use the
		similar requesters in ReqTools.library.  It also patches the
		ARP requester and all requesters in Req.library.  It is very
		flexible, allowing you to modify where the requester should
		appear, which of the libraries to patch, etc.  Includes a pair
		of small utility programs, GetFile and ReqAsk, that can be
		used in scripts to put up file requesters or other requesters.
		Version 1.08, includes source.
		Author:  Magnus Holmgren

RexxHostLib	This is a shared library package to simplify the ARexx host
		creation/management procedure.  Rexx-message parsing is also
		included making it possible to control ARexx from programs
		such as AmigaBASIC (can you imagine AmigaBASIC controlling
		AmigaTeX?).  This is version 37.1, an update to version 36.14
		on disk 403.  This version has been updated for use with Kick-
		start 2.0. Includes source in `C' and assembly language.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

Zoom		A fast and efficient floppy disk archiving utility based
		on the data compression / decompression algorithms used by
		lh.library.  Has an Intuition and a Shell interface, fully
		supports Kickstart 2.0, is able to add texts and notes to
		archived output files, knows 274 different bootblock viruses,
		includes a number of compression parameters (such as
		encryption of the output file) and a lot more.  Version 5.4,
		an update to version 4.1 on disk 459.  Binary only.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0683
---------------------

GMC             A console handler with command line editing and function
                key support.  GMC provides extended command line editing,
                function key assignment in four levels, extended command
                line history, online help for functions in the handler,
                and an iconify function.  Also includes an output buffer
                (dump to printer and window), filename completer, script
                function, undo function, prompt beeper, pathname in window
                title, close gadget for KS 2.0, etc.  This is version 9.13,
                an update to version 9.11 on disk 587, with some new
                features and some bug fixes.  Shareware, binary only.
                Author:  Goetz Mueller

KFAST		Key Frame Animator with Skeletal Technique.  A collection of
		functions to implement a two-dimensional object based animator
		designed to use the skeletal technique of modeling objects and
		simple tweening to free the animator from the labors of pro-
		ducing smooth transitions between key drawings.  A crude demo
		program has been included utilizing the routines.  Version 0.5,
		includes source.
		Author:  Craig M. Lever

LE-NAG		LeverEdge NAG is a program to remind you of events before you
		miss them.  Events can be scheduled to occur once or repeat
		daily, weekly, monthly or yearly.  You can be alerted of the
		event in a number of ways from a screen flash to a message
		requester.  Version 92.05.02, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Craig M. Lever

PrintFiles	A freely redistributable print utility to replace the standard
		workbench Printfiles command.  Supports Arexx, application
		icon, and setting up a print list with unlimited number of
		entries.  Requires OS 2.04.  Includes two versions, V0.91e
		in English and V0.91d in German.  This is an update to V0.9
		on disk 632.  Includes source.
		Author:  Karlheinz Klingbeil

ShowLink	Tool to list hardlinks.  Also tells which file or directory
		the link points at.  Version 1.1, includes source in Oberon.
                Author:  Christoph Teuber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0684
---------------------

AL		Archive Lister.  Recognizes and lists contents of archives
		created by ARC, LHArc, LHA, LZ, ZOO, APE, ZIP, WARP, DMS and
		ZOOM.  AL is fully standalone and doesn't call upon the
		original archivers to list contents.  Binary only.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

CpuClr		A hack in the spirit of "CpuBlit".  Replaces the BltClear()
		call in graphics.library with an 68030 optimized processor
		routine.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

EmptyHandler	Another example of a filehandler.  This one creates empty
		files of any given length.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

MagPages	A software package that allows you to create and display a
		disk-based magazine.  The magazine produced is of a similar
		format to that of a traditional paper magazine.  You can com-
		bine text and graphics on a single page, branch to different
		sections by clicking on icons and play sound and music.  Fea-
		tures a full intuition driven interface.  Version 1.30, an
		update to version 1.0 on disk 372, with many new features,
		bug fixes, and an improved user interface.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Mark Gladding

PlaySound	A tool to replay IFF-8SVX sounds using double-buffering while
		the sound file is being loaded from disk.  Also serves as an
		iffparse.library and audio.device programming example. Re-
		quires Kickstart and Workbench 2.04 (or higher).  Version 1.1,
		includes source in `C'.
                Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0685
---------------------

DiskPrint	A label database which prints and stores disk labels for 3.5"
		and 5.25" disks.  Primarily created as a combined database and
		print utility for FD disks, it includes easy-to-use label lib-
		rary functions (like printing labels for a whole FD series in
		one turn or multiple print of one label) and labels for most
		FD disks which are available within a few mouse clicks.  Fea-
		tures include a fast search routine, user-definable label lay-
		out, different label sizes, intuition-based disk directory
                read-in and a lot more.  Very configurable.  Works fine with
		every printer connected to the parallel port and AmigaOS 1.2,
		1.3, and 2.x.  This is version 3.51, a major update to version
		3.4.3 on disk 567.  Both English (PAL & NTSC) and German ver-
		sions.  Shareware, binary only.
                Author:  Jan Geissler

FreeCopy	FreeCopy is unlike most copiers in that it does not actually
		copy disks.  It removes the protection so disks can easily be
		backed up with almost any program, and in some cases be in-
		stalled on your hard drive.  This is version 1.8, an update
		to version 1.4 on disk 498.  Public domain, binary only.
		Author:  Greg Pringle

MCMaster	MCMaster is another cassette tape cover printing utility which
		should work together with any printer which supports pica and
		fine.  Other features include a search function and a list
		function which allows you to put all the song names in a list
		gadget to scroll around.  Version 1.1, freeware, includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Michael Watzl

PublicManager	Public screen tool which opens public screens which are freely
		configurable (depth, size, font, etc) and have their own menu
		(palette, quit, tools, etc).  Includes two little tools to
		modify the public screen modes and the default public screen.
		Version 1.2, freeware, includes source in C and assembly.
		Author:  Michael Watzl

YatZ		One player Yatzee game.  This program was written to take up
		little memory and to multitask nicely.  This is version 1.1,
		an update to version 1.0 on disk 498.  Public domain, includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Greg Pringle

CONTENTS OF DISK 0686
---------------------

BonAppetit	Bon Appetit is a recipe database manager that automates recipe
		collections and allows for far more flexibility than regular
		index cards.  You can search for recipes by title, keyword, or
		ingredient.  You can import recipes in BonAppetit's own format
		or 3 popular MS-DOS formats, so you can quickly build a recipe
		collection.  Includes complete recipe utilities and 24 recipes
		to get you started.  Version 1.3.  New features include recipe
		browsing, mass export, less cryptic error messages, and many
		bug fixes.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Boris Shor

DWFIcons	A collection of icons for WorkBench 2.0, including some that
		are for an interlaced WorkBench.
		Author:  David W. Ferguson

DWFPresets	A collection of AmigaDOS 2.0 presets for pointers, palettes,
		screen modes, and WorkBench backdrop patterns.
		Author:  David W. Ferguson

MultiBox	Request utility which can be used in scripts.  Unlike other
		tools (QuickRequest, Request, etc) it uses checkbox gadgets.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Michael Watzl

NewPos		A tool to resize and move the active shell window directly
		or from scripts.  Freeware, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Michael Watzl

CONTENTS OF DISK 0687
---------------------

AmigaEMS	A utility program for Amiga bridgeboard users that allows you
		to use any amount of Amiga memory as expanded memory on the
		bridgeboard.  AmigaEMS is LIM/EMS 4.0 compatible.  This is
		version 1.01, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  drs. A. D. Hagen

FracBlank	A commodities screen blanker written for Kickstart and Work-
		bench 2.04 (or higher).  When running will blank the screen
		and start to draw real plane fractals such as described in the
		September 1986 issue of Scientific American.  The resulting
		images may remind you of spiders' webs, lace or even the
		Chladnian patterns formed by grains of sand strewn across a
		vibrating surface.  This is version 2.2, an update to version
		1.8 on disk 588, and includes numerous bug fixes and enhance-
		ments (such a new fractal type and a font-sensitive user int-
		erface).  Includes source in `C' and assembly language.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

PowerPlayer	A very powerful, user friendly and system friendly module
		player.  It can handle nearly all useful module-formats
		(Noisetracker, MED, Oktalyzer, etc.), can read powerpacked
		modules and comes along with its own cruncher that uses the
		powerful lh.library written by Krekel/Barthel.  Needs the
		powerpacker.library and the reqtools.library to run, both
		included in the package.  Also includes some sample modules.
		This is version 2.7, an update to version 2.1 on disk 647,
		freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

SFCoder		A program that allows you to encrypt and decrypt files by
		using a password. Uses complex routines to assure the
		security of your data. Requires OS 2.0 to run.
		Version 3.0, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

XPRD		eXternal PRotocol Driver.  A standalone driver utility for
		doing file transfers with XPR libraries.  Has many features
		like carrier checking and return code redirection (for
		"stupid" languages).  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

XSB		eXternal ScreenBlanker Standard.  Documentation and examples
		of a new library standard for fancy screenblankers.  Includes
		Standard, Shuffle and Psychedelic blankers.  Public Domain,
		source in C is included. OS 2.0 only.
		Author:  Oliver Wagner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0688
---------------------

OctaMEDPlayer	Standalone player program for playing songs made with OctaMED.
		Can load sng+samples-format and MMD0/MMD1-modules made with
		MED V2.10 or later, or any version of OctaMED.  Can play stan-
		dard four channel Amiga songs, MIDI songs, 5 to 8 channel
		OctaMED songs, and multi-modules.  Has a nice 2.0 look and
		works fine under 2.0 as well as 1.3.  Version 3.00, binary
		only.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen and AMIGANUTS UNITED

ScreenSnap	ScreenSnap allows you to save and close screens of any appli-
		cation.  It requires OS 2.04 and includes German documenta-
		tion.  This is version 1.12, binary only.
		Author:  Oliver Graf, T.O.M. Software Wuppertal

UpdateIcon	A tool to add icons to files and drawers which do not yet have
		icons attached, to update the default tools and to reset the
		positions of icons.  Very handy for installation scripts.  Re-
		quires Kickstart and Workbench 2.04 (or higher).  Version 1.0,
		includes source in C.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0689
---------------------

AssignWedge	An AssignX clone, redesigned from the ground up, which fixes
		a couple of potential bugs in the original program and is
		also able to cope with an internationalized operating system.
		Kickstart and Workbench 2.04 or higher required.  Version 1.1,
		source in `C' is included.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

Phone		A funny strategy game.  Your goal is to connect everyone to
		the phone system without running out of wire.  The country
		in which these people live is full of high mountains, deep
		rivers, and highly frequented roads, so connecting everyone
		up may not be easy.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tobias Eckert

TKEd		TKEd is a very comfortable Intuition-based ASCII editor.  It
		can read texts packed with PowerPacker, has user-definable 
		menus, a comfortable AREXX-interface with 102 commands, an 
		interface to some errortools for programmers, macros, undo,
		supports foldings, and many other features.  TKEd is reentrant
		and can be made resident.  It also checks itself for link-
		viruses.  Version 1.05, an update to version 1.00a on disk
		620.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

CONTENTS OF DISK 0690
---------------------

FastGif		A fast GIF87 file viewer written in very optimised asm, but
		displays only pictures with no more than 32 colors. Supports
		overscan, NTSC & PAL display, allows scrolling for big
		pictures.  Version V1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Christophe Passuello

Find		Yet another file find utility, different from other programs
		of this kind in that it requires Kickstart and Workbench 2.04
		(or higher) to run, sports a font-sensitive user interface,
		includes Workbench AppIcon/AppWindow support, filetype ident-
		ification and other goodies.  Version 1.7, includes source in
		`C' and assembly language.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

HDFixer		Some of the newer A3000's have high density floppy drives.  In
		the 37.175 version of kickstart, HD disks are not completely
		supported in HD mode.  This program patches the system so that
		kickstart V37.175 owners are able to use 1.71 MB HD disks in
		the floppy drive.  Requires Workbench 2.04.  This is version
		1.10, an update to version 1.00 on disk 645.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter-Iver Edert

Rescue		A non-multitasking shoot'em up game with smooth scrolling in
		three directions, four different pieces of music, highscore
		list, cheat mode, etc.  Automatically notices if started on
		an NTSC or PAL machine, and uses full PAL screen or NTSC
		overscan screen.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Tobias Eckert

VirusHunter	A harmless screen hack.
		Author:  Tobias Eckert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0691
---------------------

CManual		Disk 1 of a 5 disk distribution of one of the largest collect-
		ions of documents, examples, and utilities in C for the Amiga.
		It consists of six manuals, with more than 40 chapters, 175
		fully executable examples complete with source code, and sev-
		eral utilities and other goodies.  The manuals describe how
		to open and work with Screens, Windows, Graphics, Gadgets,
		Requesters, Alerts, Menus, IDCMP, Sprites, VSprites, AmigaDOS,
		Low Level Graphics Routines, etc.  They also explain how to
		use your C Compiler and give you important information about
		how the Amiga works and how your programs should be designed.
		When unpacked, the manuals and examples nearly fill up twelve
		standard Amiga floppies.  This is version 3.0, an update to
		version 2.0 on disks 456 and 457.  Because of its size, it is
		distributed on five library disks, 691 through 695.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0692
---------------------

CManual		Disk 2 of a 5 disk distribution of one of the largest collect-
		ions of documents, examples, and utilities in C for the Amiga.
		It consists of six manuals, with more than 40 chapters, 175
		fully executable examples complete with source code, and sev-
		eral utilities and other goodies.  The manuals describe how
		to open and work with Screens, Windows, Graphics, Gadgets,
		Requesters, Alerts, Menus, IDCMP, Sprites, VSprites, AmigaDOS,
		Low Level Graphics Routines, etc.  They also explain how to
		use your C Compiler and give you important information about
		how the Amiga works and how your programs should be designed.
		When unpacked, the manuals and examples nearly fill up twelve
		standard Amiga floppies.  This is version 3.0, an update to
		version 2.0 on disks 456 and 457.  Because of its size, it is
		distributed on five library disks, 691 through 695.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0693
---------------------

CManual		Disk 3 of a 5 disk distribution of one of the largest collect-
		ions of documents, examples, and utilities in C for the Amiga.
		It consists of six manuals, with more than 40 chapters, 175
		fully executable examples complete with source code, and sev-
		eral utilities and other goodies.  The manuals describe how
		to open and work with Screens, Windows, Graphics, Gadgets,
		Requesters, Alerts, Menus, IDCMP, Sprites, VSprites, AmigaDOS,
		Low Level Graphics Routines, etc.  They also explain how to
		use your C Compiler and give you important information about
		how the Amiga works and how your programs should be designed.
		When unpacked, the manuals and examples nearly fill up twelve
		standard Amiga floppies.  This is version 3.0, an update to
		version 2.0 on disks 456 and 457.  Because of its size, it is
		distributed on five library disks, 691 through 695.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0694
---------------------

CManual		Disk 4 of a 5 disk distribution of one of the largest collect-
		ions of documents, examples, and utilities in C for the Amiga.
		It consists of six manuals, with more than 40 chapters, 175
		fully executable examples complete with source code, and sev-
		eral utilities and other goodies.  The manuals describe how
		to open and work with Screens, Windows, Graphics, Gadgets,
		Requesters, Alerts, Menus, IDCMP, Sprites, VSprites, AmigaDOS,
		Low Level Graphics Routines, etc.  They also explain how to
		use your C Compiler and give you important information about
		how the Amiga works and how your programs should be designed.
		When unpacked, the manuals and examples nearly fill up twelve
		standard Amiga floppies.  This is version 3.0, an update to
		version 2.0 on disks 456 and 457.  Because of its size, it is
		distributed on five library disks, 691 through 695.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

CrossMaze	A crossword puzzle game where the player is given the words
		but no clues.  The object is to find a way to place all the
		words back into the puzzle.  Options include 10, 20, or 30
		word games with one or two players.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  James Butts

Kan		A program that patches a replacement delete function into
		the DOS library.  This program will simulate the Trashcan
		function provided by Workbench.  Support programs provided
		to allow automatic purging of Kan directory from startup
		sequence.  Compatible with 1.3, 2.0 and Amiga 3000.  Version
		1.0a, an update to version 1.0 on disk 660.  Binary only.
		Author:  James Butts

PgmToShd	Takes a standard PGM format graphics image and creates from it
		a PPM image containing information to view black and white
		images in 151 shades of gray instead of the Amiga's standard
		16.  It uses the monochrome composite video output jack avail-
		able on the Amiga 500 and 2000, so provided you have one of
		these computers and a monitor capable of receiving its input
		through composite video, no modifications are required to the
		Amiga.  The PBMPlus library of graphics manipulation routines
		is required to make use of this program, as well as a standard
		IFF viewer such as Mostra.  A sample test image is included.
		This is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Dan Charrois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0695
---------------------

CManual		Disk 5 of a 5 disk distribution of one of the largest collect-
		ions of documents, examples, and utilities in C for the Amiga.
		It consists of six manuals, with more than 40 chapters, 175
		fully executable examples complete with source code, and sev-
		eral utilities and other goodies.  The manuals describe how
		to open and work with Screens, Windows, Graphics, Gadgets,
		Requesters, Alerts, Menus, IDCMP, Sprites, VSprites, AmigaDOS,
		Low Level Graphics Routines, etc.  They also explain how to
		use your C Compiler and give you important information about
		how the Amiga works and how your programs should be designed.
		When unpacked, the manuals and examples nearly fill up twelve
		standard Amiga floppies.  This is version 3.0, an update to
		version 2.0 on disks 456 and 457.  Because of its size, it is
		distributed on five library disks, 691 through 695.
		Author:  Anders Bjerin

ICalc		A powerful calculator with many features, including user-
		defined variables and functions, C-style programming con-
		structs, complex number calculations and more.  Has com-
		prehensive instructions, and numerous examples.  This is
		version 2, a significant update to version 1.1 on disk 550.
		Binary only, source available from author.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

PPData		A small utility for crunching data files using Nico Francois'
		powerpacker.library.  Requires Kickstart 2.0 or later.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

CONTENTS OF DISK 0696
---------------------

CLITools	Two small shell commands, touch and time, which behave like
		their UNIX cousins, and can be made resident.  Kickstart 2.0
		or later required.  Includes source.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

Drivers		Printer drivers for the Canon BJ10, BJ20, BJ130, BJ300, BJ330,
		and the 9 pin Epson mode Star printers.  Includes preferences
		programs for controlling additional options such as margin,
		timeout, job end signal, arXon switch box, greyscale conver-
		sion function, customized tab stops, default typeface, and
		more.  Binary only.
		Author:  Wolf Faust; distributed by Canon Europe N.V.

IFSLab		An Iterated Function System fractal generator.  This one
		focuses on the "Collage Theorem".  It permits you to draw an
		approximate outline of the planned fractal, then create the
		collage directly, jigsaw-puzzle style, from actual reduced
		images of the outline that you can manipulate and deform with
		the mouse.  The attractors of the resultant IFS codes can be
		rendered in black and white or in grayscale, and saved to IFF
		files.  Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Nathan Zeldes

MemSnap		A small memory monitor useful for seeing how much memory
		other programs take up.  Based on a program called Memeter,
		which broke under Kickstart 2.0.  Requires Kickstart 2.0 or
		higher.  Includes source.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

TinyClock	A cute little analog clock with lots of features, including
		pop-to-front, hourly chirp, and alarm.  Size and colors used
		are configurable, and it uses very little memory or cpu time.
		Requires Kickstart 2.0 or higher.  Binary only.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

WindowTiler	A WB2.0 commodity for arranging windows.  Comes with many tool
		types to help customize it.  Supports virtual screen users,
		tiling, cascading, refusing windows & screens, exploding win-
		dows, etc.  This is version 2.1b, an update to version 1.2.1
		on disk 623, with many enhancements and bug fixes.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Doug Dyer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0697
---------------------

Hackdisk	A complete replacement for trackdisk.device minus support for
		5.25 inch and 150RPM floppies.  It offers a verify option and
		is faster than trackdisk 2.0.  Hackdisk is supplied as a Rom-
		Tag module and may be RamKick'ed or placed directly in the
		Kickstart ROM.  Free for non-commercial use, assembly source
		included.  This is version 1.10.
		Author:  Dan Babcock

HiSpeed		A high speed printing utility for DeskJet printers.  Output
		is reduced to about 1/4 of its original size.  The maximum
		processing speed is 4 pages/min.  Supports ANSI ESC codes
		(e.g. Italics), single or double sided printing, multiple
		copies, and free layout.  Two fonts are available.  DeskJet
		RAM cartridge required.  Version 2.7, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dietmar Eilert

QMouse		An unusually small and feature-packed "mouse utility".  Was
		inspired by, but not derived from, the original QMouse by
		Lyman Epp.  Features include automatic window activation
		(like WindX), top-line blanking for A3000/A2320 users, system-
		friendly mouse blanking, mouse acceleration/threshold, "Pop-
		CLI", click-to-front/back, "SunMouse", "NoClick", "WildStar",
		Northgate key remapping, and more.  Requires Kickstart 2.0,
		but is not a commodity.  Only 3K.  Version 2.10, public
		domain, assembly source included.
		Author:  Dan Babcock

TypoGrapher	A softfont editor package for 24-pinwriters and DeskJet
		printers (any model).  Editor supports Laser fonts, DeskJet
		fonts, Amiga fonts, pinwriter fonts and IFF files.  Features
		include about 40 drawing commands, special effects (e.g. 3D
		look), import/export of IFF images, generation of width
		tables, and more.  Includes several tools for easy download
		(e.g. simulation of "soft" font cartridges).  Requires at
		least 1Mb of memory.  Version 2.05, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dietmar Eilert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0698
---------------------

SCRAM500	The first of a series of Public Domain "KitWare" hardware
		projects for the Amiga.  On this disk you will find the design
		for an 8Meg RAM and SCSI controller for the Amiga 500 (SCsi
		RAM for the 500 = SCRAM 500).  You will also find an order
		form to obtain PCB, chips and whatever you need to build one.
		The SCRAM 500 is easy to build, cheap and should be useful to
		a lot of people.  Included in this distribution is complete
		documentation on how to assemble a SCRAM 500, notes for Amiga
		1000 owners, a description of the custom chips, design notes,
		troubleshooting guide, user's manual, bill of materials, 12
		HPGL plot files for schematics and PCB layout, hard drive
		partitioning software, a mountable device driver, a ROMable
		driver, and more!
		Author:  Norman Jackson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0699
---------------------

EZAsm		Combines 68000 assembly language with parts of C.  Produces
		highly optimized code.  Uses C-like function calls (supports
		all 2.04 functions), braces, "else", ".fd" support, and much
		more.  Comes bundled with A68k and Blink, for a complete
		programming environment.  This is version 1.7, an update to
		version 1.6 on disk 592.  Includes example source and execu-
		table files.  Binary only.
		Author:  Joe Siebenmann

IFFConvert	A program to convert the different compression methods of IFF
		ILBM files.  It supports the normal compression, a new com-
		pression method that compresses column by column instead of
		row by row, and uncompressed files.  Version 1.11, includes
		source.
		Author:  Matthias Meixner

MungWall	Munges memory and watches for illegal FreeMem's.  Especially
		useful in combination with Enforcer.  Output can go to either
		the serial or parallel port.  Includes a new MungList program
		that examines used memory areas for MungWall tag info, and
		outputs a list of who owns the various pieces of allocated
		memory, their sizes, etc.  Can even identify the owner of the
		memory by task name.  This is version 37.52, an update to
		version 37.51 on disk 659.  Binary only.
		Author:  Commodore Amiga; submitted by Carolyn Scheppner

ReOrg		ReOrg is a fast disk optimizer that can be used for floppy
		disks and hard disks.  Supports new Kickstart 2.04 features
		including hard and soft links and High-Density drives. In-
		cludes program versions in English and German for use with
		Kickstart 2.04 only.  This is version 2.3, an update to ver-
		sion 2.1 on disk 678.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Holger Kruse

Shrink		A new archiver that uses dynamic arithmetic encoding with a
		dictionary size from 1-64Kb.  Slower than other archivers, but
		seems to get better compression ratios.  Another interesting
		feature is that it uses a new IFF format for it's archive
		files.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Meixner

Sizer		Reports the size of selected disk objects (including subdir-
		ectories).  It reports the number of bytes in all plain files
		and the number of blocks occupied by files and directories.
		It is intended for the Workbench user who wants to know if
		there is room to drag-copy one or more icons.  Includes source
		and binary.
		Author:  Fabbian G. Dufoe, III

CONTENTS OF DISK 0700
---------------------

TextPlus	TeXtPlus Professional is a TeX frontend word processor.  Now
		you are able to create TeX documents without having to know
		anything about the professional typesetting program TeX.
		Makes use of PasTeX, Georg Hessmann's Amiga implementation
		of TeX.  Contains both the English version (4.00EN) and the
		German version (4.00N).  These versions are updates to the
		3.00 versions on disk 484.  Shareware, binary only.
                Author:  Martin Steppler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0701
---------------------

Du		A very small (only 932 bytes) program to display the total
		disk space used by a directory and all its sub-directories.
		This is version 2.5, an update to version 1.0 on disk 416.
		Enhancements include wildcards, totals, clearer output
		plus the program can be made resident.  Requires Kickstart
		2.0. Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Stuart Mitchell

Examiner	Will question you with files produced by SpellCheck.  Smaller
		than SpellCheck, looks better under AmigaDOS 2.0, and has some
		extra features.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Preben Randhol

GNUPlot		An interactive function and data plotting program which
		supports a great number of output devices.  Includes
		extensive on-line help.  This is version 3.2, an update
		to version 3.0 on disk 552.  Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley, et. al.

SpellCheck	A program which aids you in learning foreign words.  You enter
		the words and their translations, and then the computer quizes
		you later.  Version 1.3, update to version 1.2 on disk 606.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Torgeir Dingsxyr, Pantheon Softworks

CONTENTS OF DISK 0702
---------------------

A-Gene		Latest demo version of a popular genealogy database program.
		A-Gene now supports both PAL and NTSC systems.  This demo is
		complete but limited to 200 persons/70 marriages, and does
		not have on-line help.  A-Gene includes a text-editor to add
		free-form reports to records and allows you to show digitised
		pictures from within the program.  This version also includes 
		Ordinances for Church of Latter Day Saints users.  Pedigree
		charts and family group sheets, among other reports, can be
		printed.  A-Gene needs 1Mb of ram.  This is version 4.18, an
		update to version 3.10 on disk 425.  Binary only.
		Author:  Mike Simpson

DoubleSquares	A game played on a 10x10 board, where the goal is to set as
		many tiles on the board as possible.  There are 100 different
		color combinations for a single tile, and rules which control
		where tiles may be place.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Manfred Kopp

Indent		A C source code formatter/indenter.  Especially useful for
		cleaning up inconsistently indented code.  Version 1.4, an
		update to version 1.3 on disk 672.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, Amiga port by Carsten Steger

PointToPoint	A board game where each player gets to alternately set one
		of his stones on the board until the last field is occupied.
		The goal of the game is to enclose as many stones of the
		opponent as possible.  Version 1.1, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Manfred Kopp

CONTENTS OF DISK 0703
---------------------

BootX		An easy to use boot, file and link virus killer.  For use
		with KickStart 2.0 only.  Has lots of options to detect and
		kill Amiga viruses, extensive manual, locale support and
		AmigaGuide online help.  This is version 5.00, an update to
		version 4.45 on disk 641.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

HunkX		A utility to examine the hunk structure of executables, static
		libraries, dynamic libraries or object files.  Supports all
		AmigaDOS 2.0 hunks.  For use with KickStart 2.0 only.  This is
		version 2.00, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

LVD		A first defense utility against file and linkviruses.  It
		patches the LoadSeg vector(s) and checks every executable
		that comes along.  Recognizes 33 file or so linkviruses.
		Version 1.73, an update to version 1.72 on disk 641.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

MAssign		A little command to make 'M'ultiple assigns.  Allows you to
		remove all assign and makedir statements from your startup-
		sequence.  For use with KickStart 2.0 only.  Version 2.00,
		binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

MPE		A compiler tool for users of the M2amiga programming environ-
		ment.  MPE does the same job better than your batch file.  You
		can do everything with the mouse or the right amiga key.  With
		this Modula-2 Programming Environment you can compile, link,
		and run your program.  When there is an error, the editor is
		started automatically.  You can set all switches for M2C, M2L
		and M2Make.  This is version 1.17, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk 671.  Binary only.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

CONTENTS OF DISK 0704
---------------------

Flex		A replacement for the UNIX "lex" (lexical analyzer generator)
		program that is faster than lex, and freely redistributable.
		Lexical analyzer generators are generally used in combination
		with parser generators (such as yacc or bison), to generate
		frontends for language compilers and other tools.  Version
		2.3.7, an update to version 2.3 on disk 407.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jef Poskanzer, Vern Paxson, et. al.

GrabIFF		Lets you grab any screen, window, portions of a screen or a
		mousepointer-image as an IFF-ILBM-file, which can be used by
		nearly any paint program on the Amiga.  Gives you lots of
		useful options.  Implemented as a commodity.  Version 1.00.
		Includes documentation in german and english language.
		Author:  Hartmut Stein / Bernstein Zirkel Softworks

PowerPlayer	A very powerful, user friendly and system friendly module
		player.  It can handle nearly all module-formats, can read
		powerpacked modules, and comes along with its own cruncher
		that uses the lh.library written by Krekel/Barthel.  Has a
		simple to use user interface and an ARexx port.  Needs the
		powerpacker.library and the reqtools.library to run, both
		included in the package.  This is version 3.0, an update to
		version 2.7 on disk 687.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

SFCoder		A program that allows you to encrypt and decrypt files by
		using a password.  Uses complex routines to assure the
		security of your data.  Requires OS 2.0 to run.  Version 3.2,
		an update to version 3.0 on disk 687.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

SPClock		A clock that uses sprites to display the time.  This allows 
		the clock to remain visible no matter what screen is being 
		displayed and no matter where you scroll on a  Workbench 2.0 
		autoscrolling screen.  Version 2.1, includes source.
		Author:  Mark Waggoner

SunClock	Displays a map of the world showing the portion that is 
		presently illuminated by the sun.  Version 1.0, ported from 
		X11 and Suntools versions.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Waggoner, John Mackin, John Walker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0705
---------------------

CrossMaze	A crossword puzzle game where the player is given the words
		but no clues.  The object is to find a way to place all the
		words back into the puzzle.  Options include 10, 20, or 30
		word games with one or two players.  Version 1.0a, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 694.  Binary only.
		Author:  James Butts

FishCat		A program designed to allow searching the entire library.  Was
		written specifically for KS 2.0.  Features very fast searches
		and the built-in ability to easily add new disks to the data-
		base.  Supports many 2.0 features such as AppWindow and public
		screens.  Iconifies.  This is version 1.2, an update to ver-
		sion 1.1 on disk 607.  Adds a simple AREXX port, printing,
		compact update files, and fixes all known bugs.
		Author:  Matt Brown

MFR		Magic File Requester is a replacement for other file request-
		ers.  Features include complete keyboard control, nice outfit,
		proportional font support, multiple directory caching, file
		find mechanism, file class support, file notification, many
		configuration options, history list, etc.  This is version
		2.0a, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Stuntz

NewIFF		New IFF code modules and examples for use with the Release 2
		iffparse.library.  This code release is again 1.3 compatible
		(the 37.8 release was not).  This code is intended to replace
		the 1985 EA IFF code modules, providing significant enhance-
		ments including support for arbitrary display modes and over-
		scan (2.0), clipboard load/save, centralized string handling
		(for ease of localization), and simplified subroutines for
		displaying, saving, and printing ILBMs.  And the 8SVX reader
		now plays!  This is version 37.10, an update to version 37.9
		on disk 674.
		Author:  Submitted by Carolyn Scheppner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0706
---------------------

ABackup		A new backup utility for the Amiga.  May be used both for
		hard disk backup and for file archiving.  Has a full Intuition
		interface, can save/load file selections, handles HD disks,
		etc.  Includes both French and English versions.  This is
		version 1.31, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Denis GOUNELLE

APrf		A freely redistributable printing utility for the Amiga.
		Features include a full Intuition interface, preview function,
		page selection, margin setup, line numbering, an AREXX port,
		a multi-columns mode, 2.04 system release support and more.
		Includes both French and English versions.  This is version
		1.30, an update to version 5.00 on disk 628.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis GOUNELLE

AUSH		A new command line interpreter, designed to replace the CBM
		shell.  Features include file name completion, pattern expan-
		sion, expression computation, command history, for...done
		loops, and much more.  Almost fully compatible with ARP or
		Commodore shells.  This is version 1.42, with full support of
		AmigaDOS 2.04, a heavily modified parser, "pure" code, a few
		Enforcer/Mungwall hits removed, and other bug fixes and en-
		hancements.  Requires "arp.library" under 1.3.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis GOUNELLE

PatchOS		Enhances OS 2.04 with three new features: keyboard-shortcuts
		for menus while a string-gadget is active, use of the star
		('*') in AmigaDOS pattern matching and input of any char by
		typing its ASCII-code on the numeric pad.  Requires at least
		AmigaOS 2.04.  Implemented as a commodity.  Version 1.00.
		Includes documentation in german and english language.
		Author:  Hartmut Stein / Bernstein Zirkel Softworks

WalkingMan	A small screen hack that makes a variable number funny men
		appear on the WorkbenchScreen and CustomScreens.  They move
		depending on the graphics shown and changing graphics will
		be noticed by them.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jan P. Katz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0707
---------------------

AMines		A small game, like the X-Window's game XMines.  The aim of the
		game is to detect all of the 99 mines in a 30 by 16 playing
		field.  Selecting a field uncovers a number that indicates how
		many of the adjacent fields contain mines.  This is version
		1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Manfred Huesmann

Aniso		A small puzzle game for your Workbench screen, similar to the
		"Brain game".  Played in a small window containing two 3 by 3
		grids.  One grid is already filled with numbers between one
		and four, and the other is empty.  The goal is to form an
		image of the first grid by clicking on squares in the empty
		grid.  Includes source.
		Author:  Barry McConnell

MungWall	Munges memory and watches for illegal FreeMem's.  Especially
		useful in combination with Enforcer.  Output can go to either
		the serial or parallel port.  Includes a new MungList program
		that examines used memory areas for MungWall tag info, and
		outputs a list of who owns the various pieces of allocated
		memory, their sizes, etc.  Can even identify the owner of the
		memory by task name.  This is version 37.54, an update to
		version 37.52 on disk 699.  Binary only.
		Author:  Commodore Amiga; submitted by Carolyn Scheppner

RayShade	Rayshade is a ray tracing program ported to the Amiga from
		UNIX.  Rayshade's features include eleven types of primitives,
		composite objects; several types of light sources, texturing,
		bump mapping, antialiasing, linear transformations, rendering
		of stereo pairs, rudimentary animation support, and more.
		Includes some example input files, original sources in C, and
		diffs for the Amiga.  Version 4.0PL6, Amiga Release 0.5, an
		update to version 4.0PL6 Amiga Release 0.4 on disk 679.
		Author:  Craig Kolb, Rod Bogart, Martin Hohl, et. al.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0708
---------------------

HardBlocks	A shared library with support routines for Commodore's hard-
		block standard, and a small tool which demonstrates use of
		the library.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk
		653.  Includes source.
		Author:  Torsten J|rgeleit

Icons		Some WorkBench 1.3 icons with a WorkBench 2.0 3D look.  They
		also look pretty good under 2.0 when simply run through one
		of the many icon remapping tools available.
		Author:  L. Guzman

Intuisup	A shared library with support routines for using texts, menus,
		borders, gadgets, requesters, and more, under AmigaDOS 1.3.
		Includes a template editor and source to library and test
		programs.  This is version 4.2, an update to version 4.0 on
		disk 654.
		Author:  Torsten J|rgeleit

SmartED		Demonstration release of a DX7 voice editor, librarian, bulk
		storage utility.  When you run the Smart-ED demo you have one
		voice.  Load, Save, and Receive voice have been disabled.
		This is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  William Adjei

VoiceBoy	A small WorkBench utility which allows you to use DX7 voice
		libraries produced by both Smart-ED DX7 and Music-X.  Also
		contains a voice library drawer with a total of 64 voices for
		you to try out.  This is version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  William Adjei

CONTENTS OF DISK 0709
---------------------

CPUClr		A small hack, inspired by CPUBlit, that replaces the BitClear
		routine of the graphics library with a highly optimized 68020
		(or higher) routine.  This results in about a 60% speed up on
		a 68020 and should be even more on a 68030/68040.  This is
		version 2.000, includes source.
		Author:  Peter Simons

LittleBoulder	A "Pick'n Run" Action-game, which contains eight different
		levels to be completed within a certain time limit.  This is
		version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Carsten Magerkurth

Planets		A pair of programs to calculate the positions of the planets
		and the moon (as viewed from a specific point on the earth),
		for an arbitrary date and time.  This is version 1.1, an up-
		date to version 1.0 on disk 321.  Includes source.
		Author:  Keith Brandt et al.

ThinkAMania	A 'Concentration' like board game.  It features excellent
		hires graphics, funny sound effects and enormous fun for up
		to two players regardless of age and education.  This share-
		ware version is 100% functional, but does inlcude a requester
		that pops up from time to time to remind you of the shareware
		fee.  All options are available and the complete set of stones
		is integrated.  Version 2.9, an update to version 2.1 on disk
		541.  Binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Schwoeppe, Dirk Respondek

CONTENTS OF DISK 0710
---------------------

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects 25 different such viruses.
		Version 1.5, an update to version 1.3 on disk 664.  Share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

bBaseII		A simple database program using an intuition interface.
		Stores, sorts and searches for information.  Limited to
		9 fields in each record.  Features include fast sorting,
		search in any field, mailing label support, and best of
		all, it's really easy to use.  This is version 5.5, an
		update to version 5.32 on disk 652.  Enhancements include
		a 270% increase in storage capacity, range search, and add
		or delete a field.  Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

CryptoKing	A game for those who like to solve Cryptograms, (those coded
		sentences that have to be decoded to be read).  Operate with
		keyboard or mouse.  This is Version 1.1, an update to Version
		1.0 on disk 609.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

TypoGrapherFix	A patch for the TypoGrapher v2.05 font editor on disk 697.  It
		fixes a bug which kept the program from running on KickStart
		1.3 machines.
		Author:  Dietmar Eilert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0711
---------------------

MouseAideDEMO	A demo version of a "Mouse utility" with all the standard
		functions; mouse acceleration with threshold, window and
		screen manipulation by mouse and keyboard, mouse and screen
		blanking, SUN (auto-activation) mouse, user definable "hot
		key" command, keyboard "string" macros, etc.  Also has func-
		tions other mouse programs do not, such as multi-icon-select
		with only the mouse, left and right button swapping, mouse
		port switching, WorkBench to the front function, freezing of
		the mouse and keyboard of all input, etc.  Written in assembly
		language for efficiency in size and CPU usage.  Version 5.02a,
		an update to version 4.23a on disk 646.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Thomas J. Czarnecki

Solitaire	A shareware solitaire game of klondike solitaire.  The rules
		can be varied, and there are five different ways of working
		through the deck.  Also includes an undo function that will
		un-move more than the last move, a wrapup function for when
		a game is all but won, a palette requester to fine tune the
		colors to your liking and a save-setup function that remem-
		bers how all the options are set.  This is version 1.9, an
		update to version 1.8 on disk 511.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Gaylan Wallis

TheWeb		A graphic-diagram based, interactive environment for data
		acquisition and processing.  This is a freely distributable
		demonstration edition that has a restricted set of modules,
		and cannot save things to disk, but is otherwise fully
		featured.  The concept is of data packets travelling along
		paths between data handling elements.  Configurations are
		built by placing and connecting the desired elements on
		screen using the mouse.  Needs the 2.04 or later operating
		system and at least 1MB of memory.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Pete Goodeve and David Navas

Windowtool	Windowtool is a program that allows you to switch between
		windows, to close them and to change their size.  You can
		also open a new shell and stop multitasking.  The program
		is a standard commodity and can be controlled by the work-
		bench exchange program.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Klaas Hermanns

CONTENTS OF DISK 0712
---------------------

AniMan		AniMan combines Amiga animation, speech synthesis, and voice
		recognition, to provide you with an animated talking head
		that will run any Amiga program by voice command.  Ask for
		an Amiga program by name, and AniMan will oblige.  If AniMan
		becomes impatient, you may be insulted.  AniMan will also
		recite poetry if you ask nicely.  This is Version 3.0 of Ani-
		Man, an updaate to version 2.1 disk 653.  It corrects a bug
		that caused AniMan to crash on some machines but not others.
		This version will also automatically adjust for either NTSC
		or PAL systems.  Either the Perfect Sound 3 or Sound Master
		(Sound Magic) audio digitizer is required along with 1MB of
		fast memory.  AniMan is like nothing you've ever see before.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

HamLabDemo	Demo version of an expandable image format conversion utility
		that converts GIF, IFF, JPEG, Targa, BMP, TIFF, PBMPLUS, MTV,
		Spectrum 512, QRT, and Sun images into IFF (normal, HAM, half-
		brite, and "sliced" variations of each).  Images can be 
		scaled, dithered, color corrected, and cropped.  This demo
		version is limited to processing images of 512 by 512 pixels
		or less.  This is version 2.0.6, an update to version 1.1 on
		disk 466.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  J. Edward Hanway

JEyes		Amiga version of XEyes, a program which opens a window on the
		WorkBench screen containing eyes, which follow the cursor
		about the screen.  Version 3.0, binary only.
		Author:  John D. Gerlach Jr.

Solitaire	An amiga version of klondike solitaire.  Provides multiple
		options including six different decks, customizable game
		rules, game timer, the ability to view a stack, and an undo
		feature.  Binary only.
		Author:  David Meny and Albert Penello

CONTENTS OF DISK 0713
---------------------

Free		Display how much free space (bytes or blocks) you have on any
		or all of your mounted disk volumes.  Runs from CLI only.
		This is version 1.06, an update to version 1.01 on disk 388.
		Free now searches your device list if desired (under AmigaOS
		2.0+ only), and several minor bugs have been fixed.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Daniel J. Barrett

ICalc		A powerful calculator with many features, including user-
		defined variables and functions, C-style programming con-
		structs, complex number calculations and more.  Has com-
		prehensive instructions, and numerous examples.  This is
		version 2.1a, an update to version 2.0 on disk 695.  En-
		hancements include flexible number-base control and scripts
		to perform numerical integration.  Binary only, source
		available from author.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

JoinSounds	A utility to join 8SVX sound files.  Graphical interface
		allows samples to be previewed, and start/stop points to be
		set.  This program will join both stereo and mono sound
		files in any combination.  Uses buffered disk I/O, allowing
		samples larger than available memory to be joined.  This is
		version 2, binary only.
		Author:  Joe Tatman and Brian Roy

LongPlay	An 8SVX IFF sound file player.  Reads samples directly from
		disk while playing, allowing unlimited length samples.  Runs
		as a background task and multi-tasks well.  Can also be used
		as the default tool of a project icon.  Binary only.
		Author:  Joe Tatman

MathsAdv	A simple game where you, the young adventurer, must try to
		escape the king's Maths Adventure.  To do this you must pass
		through a series of rooms.  In each room you are given a
		math problem to solve, after which you can proceed to the
		next room if you answer correctly.  The problems become more
		involved and more difficult in each room.  This is an update
		to the version on disk 602.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jason Lowe

ReflexTest	A game which tests your addition, subtraction, or multipli-
		cation skills.  The goal is to answer forty math questions
		in the shortest possibly time.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jason Lowe

CONTENTS OF DISK 0714
---------------------

CoGo		An engineering/surveying program to solve coordinate geometry
		problems for highway design, surveying, subdivision layouts
		and constuction.  Needs 1 Mb of memory.  CLI only with output
		to screen or printer.  Manual, with sample problems, avail-
		able from author.  This is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Don R. Benson

JoeyDemo	A demo version of a Sokoban type game where your task is to
		push Grullies (the only food of the Joey) to the stock, which
		is designated with little rhombic symbols on the floor.  To
		complicate things there are iceblocks and teleporters.  The
		demo version contains 5 levels while the registered version
		contains 60 levels.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Ziegler, Roland Schreiner

XStat		A UUCP utility that computes several statistics from the Xfer-
		Stat file (similar to UUTraf).  Offers lots of options.  Re-
		quires Andrew "Charly" Kopp's uucico V1.15c or later, and also
		Kickstart 2.04 (V37.x) or later.  Version 1.07, freeware,
		includes source in Modula-2.
		Author: J|rgen Weinelt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0715
---------------------

Intuisup	A shared library with support routines for using texts, menus,
		borders, gadgets, requesters, and more, under AmigaDOS 1.3.
		Includes a template editor and source to library and test
		programs.  This is version 4.4, an update to version 4.2 on
		disk 708.
		Author:  Torsten J|rgeleit

LhA		A very fast archiver that is compatible with MS-DOS LhArc
		V1.13 and LHA V2.13, as well as the Amiga LhArc.  LhA is
		very memory efficient, has been written with stability
		and reliability in mind, has carefully optimized compression
		and decompression routines, is multitasking reentrant and
		pure, handles multiple volume archives (registered version
		only), and more.  Version 1.32, an update to version 1.22
		on disk 637.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Boberg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0716
---------------------

BCount		A utility to count files, directories, hardlinks, and softlinks
		for a given root directory.  Requires Amiga OS 2.04.  This is
		version 1.12, binary only.
		Author:  Norbert Bazin

ReOrg		ReOrg is a fast disk optimizer that can be used for floppy
		disks and hard disks.  Supports new Kickstart 2.04 features
		including hard and soft links and High-Density drives. In-
		cludes program versions in English and German for use with
		Kickstart 2.04 only.  This is version 2.31, an update to ver-
		sion 2.3 on disk 699.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Holger Kruse

TalinCode	A bunch of source code for demos, tests, and experiments, that
		the author wrote over a period of 8 years, mostly for recrea-
		tion or for general R&D for projects that never materialized.
		Includes 3D techniques, a maze generator, logarithms, basic
		utility functions, dos functions, random numbers, and much
		more.  Includes source, mostly in assembly code.
		Author:  David Joiner

Wasp		A picture format converter.  Input formats supported include
		GIF (87a), IFF (lores, hires, HAM, EHB, 24-bit, sliced,
		dynamic, etc), SRGR, Sun rasterfile, PPM (P5 and P6), HL2,
		and MTV.  Output formats supported include IFF, SRGR, and
		PPM.  Version 2.02beta.  Includes source.
		Author:  Steven Reiz

ZMachine	A program which can interpret Zork Implementation Language
		(ZIL) data files.  ZIL is the language used by the interactive
		fiction series of games from Infocom Inc.  Version 1.0.3,
		binary only.
		Author:  leo@marco.UUCP, Amiga port by Kent Dalton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0717
---------------------

ADev11		A complete development system for Motorola's 68HC11 processor,
		including a macro assembler, linker, librarian, downloader and
		disassembler.  Supports multiple source file and multiple
		relocatable segments per file.  Binary only.
		Author:  Stan Burton

ALock		A limited multiuser security system for your Amiga.  This is
		version 1.04, binary only.
		Author:  Trevor Andrews

FileStat	Facilitates the editing of all information about a file, such
		as protection bits, name, comment, etc., using a graphical
		interface.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Lang

PacMan		A pacman type game with 20 levels, 5 bonus levels, and extra
		tools.  Automatically adjusts to either PAL or NTSC.  Can be
		controlled with a joystick, mouse, or keyboard.  Written
		in assembly.  Version 1.1A, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Edgar M. Vigdal

SpaceII		A hot-key program with over 50 functions including four screen
		blankers, screen shuffler, path/filename transmitter, text
		reader, virus checker, boot block display, calculator, disk
		copier and/or formatter, palette selector, screen dumper, etc.
		Version 2.3 beta, binary only.
		Author:  Edgar M. Vigdal

ViewIcon	Simple program to view icons from the shell.  Opens up a 
		sufficiently sized window so that the icon can be displayed
		in it.  If you click the icon, it has the same effect as
		clicking it on the workbench, so you can see the icon's
		alternate image.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Lang

CONTENTS OF DISK 0718
---------------------

BootPic		BootPic allows you to install nearly any IFF picture that
		you like in place of the WorkBench hand that appears after a
		reset, and additionally plays a MED-Module.  Version 2.1b,
		an update to version 2.0 on disk 635.  Includes source in
		assembly.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

Less		A port of a UNIX text file reader.  It can use pipes, accepts
		multiple filenames, and has many convenient positioning com-
		mands for forward and backward movement, marking positions,
		etc.   This is version 177.4 an update to version 1.4Z on
		disk 511.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mark Nudelman, port by Frank Busalacchi

Settime		Set the system time from the internal hardware clock.  Written
		to be very small and fast.  Also includes versions that can be
		installed as boot blocks.  Version 0.9, includes source in
		assembly.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

SmallMath	"Drop-in" replacements for the Commodore IEEE math libraries
		for users with a math coprocessor.  Since these libraries do
		not contain the coprocessor-emulation code normally present,
		they are 60%-90% smaller than the usual libraries.  For the
		same reason, however, they cannot be used without a coproces-
		sor.  Version 1.1, public domain, partial source included.
		Author:  Laz Marhenke

CONTENTS OF DISK 0719
---------------------

CrcLists	Complete CRC check files for disks 521-710 using the brik
		program.  These were made directly from my master disks.
		Along with the CRC lists from previous disks, these lists
		will allow you to check all of the disks in the library to
		make sure they are correct and complete.
		Author:  Fred Fish

DefTool		Programs that allow you to easily change the default tool of
		one or more project icons, from either the CLI or from Work-
		Bench.  The WorkBench version is a commodity.  Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Lang

DrawMap		A program for drawing representations of the Earth's surface.
		New features include seven new types of map projections, user
		specifiable point to be at the center of the maps, and box
		views that can now cross the international date line.  Also
		includes accelerated version requiring a 68020 CPU and 68881
		FPU, and versions for PAL systems.  Requires 1.5 Mb of memory
		and a hard disk with 1.6 Mb of free space.  Distributed in
		two parts, the other part is on disk 720.  Both parts are re-
		quired.  This is version 4.1, an update to version 4.0 on
		disks 639 and 640.  Includes full source.
		Author:  Bryan Brown.

FixIcon		Fixes some icons that show bad markings when run on greater
		than 4 color Workbenches.  Doesn't fix them all, but fixes a
		common problem.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Robert Lang

MakeIcon	Allows you to create any of the Workbench 2.0 default icons
		for anything, disks, projects, drawers, the works.  Designed
		for people who work from the shell making disks that will
		ultimately run from the Workbench.  Requires Workbench 2.0.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Lang

CONTENTS OF DISK 0720
---------------------

DrawMap		A program for drawing representations of the Earth's surface.
		New features include seven new types of map projections, user
		specifiable point to be at the center of the maps, and box
		views that can now cross the international date line.  Also
		includes accelerated version requiring a 68020 CPU and 68881
		FPU, and versions for PAL systems.  Requires 1.5 Mb of memory
		and a hard disk with 1.6 Mb of free space.  Distributed in
		two parts, the other part is on disk 719.  Both parts are re-
		quired.  This is version 4.1, an update to version 4.0 on
		disks 639 and 640.  Includes full source.
		Author:  Bryan Brown.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0721
---------------------

DataFiler	A database for names, addresses, phone numbers, etc.  Has
		search and print capabilities.  Version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  Ken Winfield

DirWork		A fast, small, efficient, DirUtility.  Configurable options
		and buttons, as well as all the usual features.  Comes with
		external configuration editor.  This is version 1.62, an
		update to version 1.51 on disk 670.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

Division	An educational program for kids of all ages that helps to
		develop and sharpen division skills.  Has four levels, a
		practice section, and a testing section.  Version 1.1, binary
		only.
		Author:  Ken Winfield

DPU		Disk Peek and Update, a hex disk and file editor.  Functions
		include show device info, show bitMap, check disk, zap file,
		zap disk, zap fileSystem and zap rigid disk blocks.  This is
		version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Frans Zuydwijk

Octothello	An othello type game, but played on an octaganal board.  There
		are hundreds of variations to the game, with resizable boards,
		different corner shapes, and a play to lose mode.  Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  PC Solutions

VCR		A database for all your VCR tapes.  Has built in search and
		print capabilities.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Ken Winfield

CONTENTS OF DISK 0722
---------------------

Counting	An educational program for kids from 4 to 14, that helps to
		develop and sharpen skills in addition, subtraction, and
		multiplication.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Ken Winfield

Intuisup	A shared library with support routines for using texts, menus,
		borders, gadgets, requesters, and more, under AmigaDOS 1.3.
		Includes a template editor and source to library and test
		programs.  This is version 4.5, an update to version 4.4 on
		disk 715.
		Author:  Torsten J|rgeleit

CONTENTS OF DISK 0723
---------------------

AniMan		AniMan combines Amiga animation, speech synthesis, and voice
		recognition, to provide you with an animated talking head
		that will run any Amiga program by voice command.  Ask for
		an Amiga program by name, and AniMan will oblige.  If AniMan
		becomes impatient, you may be insulted.  AniMan will also
		recite poetry if you ask nicely.  This is Version 3.2 of Ani-
		Man, an update to version 3.0 disk 712.  Either the Perfect
		Sound 3 or Sound Master (Sound Magic) audio digitizer is re-
		quired, along with 1MB of fast memory.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

DiskMate	A multitasking floppy disk utility program.  Features include
		multidrive disk copier, disk formatter, disk eraser, disk
		checker and installer.  Version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Malcolm Harvey

EternalRome	A historical strategy game, that in spite of its high complex-
		ity is fast and easy to play.  Fully mouse controlled with a
		fine zoomable map of the Roman empire (overscan and interlaced
		options).  The simulation delivers many historical insights
		because of its accuracy (may be used for educational purposes)
		and is a challenging and entertaining game for two or more
		players (also interesting for solitary studies).  Version 1.1,
		an enhanced update to version 1.0 on disk 502.  Tryware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Sven Hartrumpf

MemGauge	A graphical memory gauge.  Displays your computer's memory
		(chip, fast, public) in three horizontal bars.  Version 1.2,
		binary only.
		Author:  Malcolm Harvey

PrinterCTRL	A printer interface program which allows you to send raw HEX
		and device driver commands to your parallel printer.  Also
		has provisions for printing text files to the printer.device.
		Makes extensive use of the req.library functions.  This is
		version 1.00, freeware, includes source.
                Author:  Paul Miskovsky

CONTENTS OF DISK 0724
---------------------

BackUP		A hard drive backup program that features a custom Intuition
		interface, multi-floppy drive support, incremental/full back-
		ups, on-the-fly compression using lh.library, optional verify
		and a restorable configuration.  BackUP requires Workbench
		2.0, arp.library V39 and lh.library V1.  Version 3.5, binary
		only.
		Author:  Felix R. Jeske

DonsGenies	A collection of more than forty ARexx "genies" for use with
		Professional Page, plus some supporting material.  Also in-
		cludes two example ARexx scripts for Art Department Profes-
		sional.  Version 1.0, shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Don Cox

XSearch		A program to search files and directories on any Amiga device.
		Uses AmigaDOS 2.0 style interface.  Includes both German and
		English versions.  Includes source in KICKPascal.
		Author:  Stefan Plvchinger

CONTENTS OF DISK 0725
---------------------

MagIcon		A program which takes 'fake' icons dropped on the Appicon and
		turns them into 'real' icons.  The program also supports a
		Tools-menu entry so 'fake' icons spread over several windows
		can be easily iconified.  Support for 38 file formats and the
		appropriate icons are included.  Requires Kickstart 2.0 or
		higher. This is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Oystein Larsen, Ultima Thule Software

Mine		A new Modula-2 implementation of an old computer game.  You
		have an N * N square with mines hidden in some fields.  Your
		job is to mark them with a flag as fast as possible.  High-
		score lists are supported.  Important parts of the source
		code are included.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Author:  Thomas Ansorge

SnoopDos	A utility for monitoring AmigaDOS calls.  In particular,
		it allows you to see what libraries, devices, fonts,
		environment variables or startup files a program is
		looking for.  Very useful when you're trying to install
		a new application.  Version 1.5, an update to version 1.2
		on disk 451.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Eddy Carroll

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS 2.0
		or higher.  Features include total configurability, full ARexx
		control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification after
		download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto upload
		and download, unlimited size scrollable review buffer, solid
		and fully-featured VT100/VT220/ANSI emulation, optional fast
		atomic terminal emulation, hotkey support, powerful phonebook
		and dialing functions, ability to save and print the contents
		of the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file, full overscan and
		screen resolution support (new ECS screen modes included),
		asynchronous operation and a lot more.  This is version 2.3,
		an update to version 2.2a on disk 681.  Includes full source.
		Because of its size, it is distributed on two disks.  This is
		part 1 of 2.  Part 2 is on disk 730.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0726
---------------------

HamLabDemo	Demo version of an expandable image format conversion utility
		that converts GIF, IFF, JPEG, Targa, BMP, TIFF, PBMPLUS, MTV,
		Spectrum 512, QRT, and Sun images into IFF (normal, HAM, half-
		brite, and "sliced" variations of each).  Images can be 
		scaled, dithered, color corrected, and cropped.  This demo
		version is limited to processing images of 512 by 512 pixels
		or less.  This is version 2.0.8, an update to version 2.0.6
		on disk 712.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Ed Hanway

Hextract	A complete header file reference.  Definitions, structures,
		structure members and offsets, flag values, library contents,
		function definitions, registers, library offsets, etc.  The
		data from a set of V1.3 Amiga and Lattice header files is
		included and packed for immediate reference by Hextract.
		Version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk 674.  Has
		greatly reduced search times.  Freeware, includes partial
		source.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

P-Index		A program for creating active index/selector pages to replace
		the normal window/icon display.  Appearance of pages is only
		limited by the capabilities of your paint program and your 
		imagination.  Index lines can be shown as arrays of boxes (as
		with current "selector" programs), or as icon look-alikes, or
		anything else you fancy, with normally a large saving in disk
		space.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

P-Reader	An all-purpose reader that displays texts,pictures,animations
		and sounds, which may be uncompressed or compressed with
		'P-Compress'.  Texts can include embedded static or animated
		illustrations and sounds.  This is version 6.2, an update to
		version 5.2 on disk 595, and includes scrolling and a variety
		of screen colours, with other enhancements and bug fixes.
		Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

PowerSnap       A utility that allows you to use the mouse to mark characters
                anywhere on the screen, and then paste them somewhere else,
                such as in another CLI or in a string gadget.  Checks what
                font is used in the window you snap from and will look for
                the position of the characters automatically.  Recognizes all
                non proportional fonts of up to 24 pixels wide and of any
                height.  Works with AmigaDOS 2.0 in both shell and WorkBench
                environments.  This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.1
                on disk 542.  Binary only.
                Author:  Nico Francois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0727
---------------------

2View		2View is an ILBM picture viewer for use under Workbench 2.04
		or later.  It supports all standard ECS graphics modes, SHAM,
		Macropaint-style dynamic hires, color cycling, ARexx and both
		the CLI and Workbench.  Version 1.52, an update to version
		1.50 on disk 654.  This version fixes a bug in 1.50 and adds
		support for 2.04-style wildcards from the CLI.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Adventure	The Colossal Cave Adventure, by Donald Woods and Will
		Crowther.  This program runs from the CLI or Workbench, and
		is virtually identical to the original mainframe classic.
		This is version 1.10, an update to version 1.00 on disk 659.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Donald Woods, Will Crowther; ported by Tony Belding

Format		A 2.04-only replacement for the AmigaDOS Format command.  It
		uses a much more complete Workbench user interface (allowing
		for greater control over formatting from the Workbench) and
		is smaller that the original Format command.  Version 1.00,
		includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

Vertex		A 3D object editor that differs from other 3D editors in many
		ways.  You can choose any view, including perspective, to sel-
		ect points and examine objects.  The view can be rotated, pos-
		itioned and scaled at will by either typed in values or using
		the mouse, which makes the editor fast and responsive.  This
		is version 1.62a, an update to version 1.36.3 on disk 648.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alexander D. Deburie

CONTENTS OF DISK 0728
---------------------

501		This program keeps score for the dart game 501. Games recorded 
		via the keyboard create a data base reflecting each player's 
		performance.  The statistics track personal bests, averages, 
		win percentages and high scores.  Written and compiled using
		HiSoft Basic Professional.  Version 1.15, an update to version
		1.12 on disk 651.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gilles Lepage

LastRefuge	A fast action game, written entirely in assembler.  Takes
		over the entire machine and loads off a special bootable
		disk.  Uses lhwarp (included) to regenerate the bootable
		game disk.  Binary only.
		Author:  Carsten Tag

PatchMan	An editor for the Roland JD-800 programmable synthesizer.
		You can receive/transmit/save/load single patches, the special
		setup, all internal patches, "ALL"-datas, set parameters for
		the three effect systems used in Multi mode and edit the var-
		ious part parameters.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Fuchs

CONTENTS OF DISK 0729
---------------------

BBBBS		Baud Bandit Bulletin Board System.  Features include up to
		99 file libraries with extended filenotes, up to 99 fully
		threaded message conferences, number of users, files, mes-
		sages, etc. are only limited by storage space, controlled
		file library and message conference access for users and sys-
		ops, interface to extra devices like CD-ROM and others, all
		treated as read only, complete Email including binary mail,
		and multiple forwarding, user statistics including messages
		written, files uploaded or downloaded, time, etc, plus much
		more.  Version 5.4, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

DSound		DSound is an 8SVX sound sample player that plays samples
		directly off a hard drive, without having to load the entire
		sample into memory first, making it possible to play samples
		of any length even under limited memory conditions.  This is
		version 1.20, an update to version 1.00 on disk 654.  This
		version adds sample looping, the ability to abort using CTRL-
		C, and the ability to prevent DSound from opening a window.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

FF		FF is a file find utility for use under Workbench 2.04 or
		later.	It features a full, font-sensitive GUI, AppWindow
		support, dynamic find-list update, the capability to recog-
		nize both hard and soft links, and the ability to optionally
		descend into hard links to directories.  This is version
		1.01, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0730
---------------------

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS 2.0
		or higher.  Features include total configurability, full ARexx
		control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification after
		download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto upload
		and download, unlimited size scrollable review buffer, solid
		and fully-featured VT100/VT220/ANSI emulation, optional fast
		atomic terminal emulation, hotkey support, powerful phonebook
		and dialing functions, ability to save and print the contents
		of the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file, full overscan and
		screen resolution support (new ECS screen modes included),
		asynchronous operation and a lot more.  This is version 2.3,
		an update to version 2.2a on disk 681.  Includes full source.
		Because of its size, it is distributed on two disks.  This is
		part 2 of 2.  Part 1 is on disk 725.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0731
---------------------

FindIt		A fully Intuitionised file finder.  Features include search
		multiple drives/directories, search for file names starting
		with/not starting with given text, file names containing/not
		containing given text, file names ending with/not ending with
		given text, files created on/after/before/not-on given date,
		files containing given text, etc.  Found files can be copied,
		deleted, viewed, or printed.  Requires Workbench 2.0.  This
		is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

GadToolsBox	A program that lets you draw/edit GadTools gadgets and menus
		and then generates the corresponding C or assembly code for
		you.  This is version 1.4, an update to version 1.3 on disk
		659.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

QMouse		An unusually small and feature-packed "mouse utility".  Was
		inspired by, but not derived from, the original QMouse by
		Lyman Epp.  Features include automatic window activation
		(like WindX), top-line blanking for A3000/A2320 users, system-
		friendly mouse blanking, mouse acceleration/threshold, "Pop-
		CLI", click-to-front/back, "SunMouse", "NoClick", "WildStar",
		Northgate key remapping, and more.  Requires Kickstart 2.0,
		but is not a commodity.  Only 3K.  Version 2.20, an update to
		version 2.10 on disk 697.  Public domain, assembly source
		included.
		Author:  Dan Babcock

CONTENTS OF DISK 0732
---------------------

FontViewer	A program to view fonts.  Features include selectable screen
		resolutions, outline font support (WB 2.0), ColorFont support,
		up to thirty fonts shown at once with each in its own window,
		up to three lines of changeable text for viewing fonts, use
		file requester to find fonts to view (WB 2.0).  Version 1.2,
		binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

MPE		A compiler tool for users of the M2amiga programming environ-
		ment.  MPE does the same job better than your batch file.  You
		can do everything with the mouse or the right amiga key.  With
		this Modula-2 Programming Environment you can compile, link,
		and run your program.  When there is an error, the editor is
		started automatically.  You can set all switches for M2C, M2L
		M2Make, M2Project, and M2LibLink.  This is version 1.31, an
		update to version 1.17 on disk 703.  Binary only.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

PSUtils		Some utilities for postscript and adobe fonts.  Resetadobe
		(version 1.0) is a program to modify the AFM files of adobe
		fonts which do not appear to have the correct spacing after
		being generated by AFM2PFM.  Postsplit (version 1.0) is a
		program to split a color PageStream postscript file into
		individual color/page files for multipass printing.  PFM2AFM
		(version 1.0) generates AFM files for adobe fonts.  T1Utils
		is a set of adobe font manipulation tools including a font
		disassembler.
		Author:  I. Parker, D. Spencer, Ken Borgendale, Lee Hetherinton

Riff		A little iff reader written in M2amiga Modula-2.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

RTracker	A MOD player that is small, easy to use, highly configurable,
		follows CBM's style guide, supports automatic decompression
		of MODs, and more.  Version 2.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Manzano

CONTENTS OF DISK 0733
---------------------

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects 25 different such viruses.
		Version 1.6, an update to verion 1.5 on disk 710.  Share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

Cube		An animated Rubik's Cube simulator, solver, and tutorial.  It
		uses two solving algorithms, one which can be applied by a
		human using simple rules, and another that is too complicated
		to be used except by a computer.  Shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Martin Gitelson

Sushi		A tool to intercept the raw serial output of Enforcer 2.8b,
		Enforcer.megastack 26.f, Mungwall, and all other tool and ap-
		plication debugging output that uses kprintf.  This makes it
		possible to use serial debugging on a single Amiga, without
		interfering with attached serial hardware such as modems and
		serial printers.  Sushi also provides optional signalling and
		buffer access to an external display/watcher program.  Version
		37.7, binary only.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

Termcap		A port of the GNU termcap library for the amiga.  Termcap is
		a library of C functions and a database of terminal descrip-
		tions, that allows an application to send control strings to
		terminals in a way independent of the specific terminal type.
		Author:  Various

CONTENTS OF DISK 0734
---------------------

PowerVisor	A powerful machine language debugger and system monitor de-
		signed for the serious Amiga programmer.  PowerVisor supports
		all Amigas and all processors (including the 68040).  There
		are two versions, one for AmigaDOS 2.0 and one for AmigaDOS
		1.3 (or 1.2).  Among many other things, PowerVisor supports
		symbols and ARexx (with 215 different ARexx commands).  It
		is also very customizable.  The AmigaDOS 2.0 version supports
		online help with 'AmigaGuide' and is installable with the 2.0
		Installer.  This is version 1.20.  Source for some examples
		is included.  PowerVisor is shareware.  Registered users can
		order the complete PowerVisor source.  This is part 1 of a
		two part distribution.  Part 2 is on disk 735.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

UCD		A utility for changing the current directory that scans a disk
		and builds a file containing information about the directory
		structure that makes it possible for UCD to change directory
		to any directory in the scanned volume by simply naming the
		directory without pathname information.  Version 1.0, share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Uffe Holst Christiansen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0735
---------------------

PowerVisor	A powerful machine language debugger and system monitor de-
		signed for the serious Amiga programmer.  PowerVisor supports
		all Amigas and all processors (including the 68040).  There
		are two versions, one for AmigaDOS 2.0 and one for AmigaDOS
		1.3 (or 1.2).  Among many other things, PowerVisor supports
		symbols and ARexx (with 215 different ARexx commands).  It
		is also very customizable.  The AmigaDOS 2.0 version supports
		online help with 'AmigaGuide' and is installable with the 2.0
		Installer.  This is version 1.20.  Source for some examples
		is included.  PowerVisor is shareware.  Registered users can
		order the complete PowerVisor source.  This is part 2 of a
		two part distribution.  Part 1 is on disk 734.
		Author:  Jorrit Tyberghein

CONTENTS OF DISK 0736
---------------------

EasyStart	A program to start other programs in a very easy way.  It can
		start programs with a popup menu, a popup screen, with menu
		items in the WorkBench menu, with a window containing gadgets,
		and more.  Version 1.12, binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

InTime		A program to overlay a 'timecode' onto videotape while making
		working dubs of original footage.  The display consists of a
		tape number, hours, minutes and seconds.  It is designed to
		be used as as aid in logging and finding sections of a video
		tape.  The display can be in any shown in any font.  This is
		version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

MegaD		A directory utility with multiple directory windows so you
		may copy from multiple sources to a single destination, copy
		from one source to multiple destinations, or copy from multi-
		ple sources to multiple destinations.  Full font support, full
		screens support, application icons, application menus and ap-
		plication windows support.  Includes 126 page tutorial and 47
		page user guide.  Other features include 72 user defined com-
		mand gadgets with simple keyboard equivalents, and multiple
		filters on directory listings.  Version 2.00, binary only.
		Author:  John L. Jones

CONTENTS OF DISK 0737
---------------------

AMPlotDemo	A demonstration version of a commercial graph plotting program
		designed for publication quality plotting of scientific data.
		The demo allows datasets no larger than 10 datapoints and will
		not create hard copy plots.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

ANSI		A small CLI utility to convert C source between ANSI and
		Kernighan and Ritchie function definition formats.  Also
		allows generation of prototypes.  No Amiga extensions and
		should be portable.  Version 1.6, an update to version 1.0
		on disk 598.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

DBuff		Source code with a small demo to implement double buffering
		by adding a second ViewPort to an Intuition screen.  Version
		1.3, an update to version 1.0 on disk 599.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

PrLabel		A utility to print laser printer labels. Support 3x8, 2x8
		and 2x7 A4 label sheets.  The program may easily be modified 
		for other formats.  Also serves as a demonstration of using 
		STSLib for gadgets and menus.  Version 1.2, an update to
		version 1.1 on disk 599.  Includes C source.
		Author:  Andrew Martin, SciTech Software

CONTENTS OF DISK 0738
---------------------

CanonBJC	Color printer driver package for Canon BJC 800 and Canon Epson
		emulation printers.  Supports Epson 24/48 pin and BJC emula-
		tion compressed native mode.  This driver is not limited to
		16/4096 shades/colors.  Includes font independent preferences
		programs for controlling additional options, free definable
		dither routines (many are included), ink compensation, color
		adjustment, timeout, and more.  Version 1, binary only.
		Author:  Wolf Faust, Distribution by Canon Europe N.V.

CanonStudio	Prints IFF pictures from disk in 24/8 bit accuracy on normal
		WB printer driver.  Pictures can be printed in any size
		(poster function) without need for much memory.  Supports most
		IFF formats (incl. EHB, HAM6, HAM8, IFF24).  Provides a nice
		font independent user interface, free definable ordered
		dithers, error diffusion and blue noise dithers, ARexx Inter-
		face, color adjustments, ink compensation, printer spooler and
		more.  This version is limited to Canon printer drivers.
		Version 1.2, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Wolf Faust

Galaga		A space "blast-em" game with over 300 different animation
		frames in 16 colors, many levels, end of stage nasties, bonus
		levels, kamikaze raids, etc.  Version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  Geert Coelmont and Romain Voes

CONTENTS OF DISK 0739
---------------------

Deft		A program to change the default tool of project icons.  Will
		search through a disk or directory, finding all icons that
		contain a specified default tool and change that tool to a
		different one.  It is useful for changing the default tools
		of all the doc files on disk to your favourite text reader,
		for example.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

Hyper		Will lead you through documents that are written to be used
		with the legendary `Am*gaGu*de' from Commodore.  An ARexx port
		gives access to it from other applications.  Requires OS 2.0.
		Version 1.0, shareware.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

IconAuthor	A replacement for IconEdit2.0.  It can transform IFF images or
		brushes into resized 2-BitPlane brushes or icon files that
		match the WorkBench2.0 colors.  Online help is available via
		`Hyper'.  Demo version limited to processing provided demo
		image only.  Requires OS 2.0.  Version 1.0, shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

InScript	A program for producing video titles.  Features include fully
		editable text entry, IFF pictures as background, unlimited
		number of fonts loaded at one time, up to 99 undos, outline
		font support (WB 2.0), text styles (shadow, outline, etc) can
		be named and saved, toolbar for common operations, playback
		script maker with transitions between pages, adjustable color
		cycling, low, high and interlace resolutions with overscan,
		adjustable kerning, and comprehensive text alignment options.
		InScript can save InScript data, IFF pictures or animation
		files.  At least 1 mb memory required.  Version 1.1, share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith
		
Keti		Prints 3.5" disk labels (71.5 x 69.6 mm) on a NecP6 from a 15
		line ASCII file.  The first line will be the headline (max 25
		chars), 14 textlines (max 44 chars) may follow.  Requires OS
		version 2.0.  Includes source and DME macros.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

WKSC		Workbench Keyboard Shortcut Changer is a program which allows
		you to add or change keyboard shortcuts used for the Work-
		bench menus.  WKSC works on Workbench 1.2, 1.3 and 2.0.  This
		is version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Smith

CONTENTS OF DISK 0740
---------------------

Debt		A calculator suitable for dealing with numbers the size of the
		national debt.  Will accept two 60 digit numbers and come up
		with a 120 digit answer.  Includes source.
		Author:  Martin Gitelson

HDMem		Demo version of software that allows you to use virtual memory
		with OS2.0, version 37.x or higher, on m68020/m68851 or m68030
		amigas.  Supports task exclusion.  The demo version is limited
		to 2Mb of virtual memory.  Version 2.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Rompf

Klondike	A single player card game.  Version 1.3, an update to version
		1.1c on disk 491.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Wiseman

MemCheck	A small tool to watch the first 1000 bytes of memory for ille-
		gal write actions.  It also checks some system vectors (cold-
		capture, coolcapture, warmcapture, kickMemPtr, kickTagPtr and
		kickCheckSum) to show any changes made by viruses.  Kickstart
		1.3/2.04 compatible.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

MultiClock	A flexible titlebar clock commodity with many extra features
		such as chime with builtin or digitized sounds, alarm which
		allows launching an Arexx or Batch file, and both digitised
		and narrator speech to say the time.  Requires AmigaDos 2.04
		or greater.  Version 1.17, binary only.
		Author:  Hugh Leslie

PerfMonitor	A small tool to show the CPU usage of each task.  Kickstart
		1.3/2.04 compatible.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

CONTENTS OF DISK 0741
---------------------

BioComp		A program that computes the biorhythmic compatibility of
		two persons.  Uses an intuition interface and allows the
		printing of the results.  Version 1.13, binary only.
		Author:  Grard Cornu

RKRM_Devices	Part one of a four part distribution of complete source
		code and executables of all the examples in the third 
		edition Amiga ROM Kernel Reference Manuals, published
		by Addison-Wesley.  Part two is on this disk and parts 
		three and four can be found on disk 742.
		Author:  Commodore CATS

RKRM_Lib1	Part two of a four part distribution of complete source
		code and executables of all the examples in the third 
		edition Amiga ROM Kernel Reference Manuals, published
		by Addison-Wesley.  Part one is on this disk and parts 
		three and four can be found on disk 742.
		Author:  Commodore CATS

Shell2Front	A simple, small and pure utility to be launched by a hotkey.
		It brings to the front, the first shell window it finds,
		including its screen.  Version 0.12, binary only. 
		Author:  Grard Cornu

ShowI		A CLI tool which displays all given icons in the original
		OS 2.0 look.  It opens a little window displaying the Icon 
		where you can select and deselect it.  By pressing 'n' the
		next one is displayed.  This is version 1.9. FreeWare,  
		binary only.
                Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

Sizer		A small and pure shell utility giving the size in bytes,
		blocks, and the total size occupied by a directory, file or 
		device.  Accepts multiple arguments.  Version 0.20, binary 
		only.
		Author:  Grard Cornu

CONTENTS OF DISK 0742
---------------------

AList		A CLI command that lists the length of every file and the
		REAL length of every subdirectory in Bytes, KBytes and MBytes.
		Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Andr Willms

ColorSwitch	A little program to switch between WB1.3, WB2.x and user pref-
		erence palettes.  Requires Kickstart 2.0 or higher.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

CloseWD		A tool which enables you to kill windows which are left on
		any screen from other programs, which have been terminated by
		gurus or other things.  You can specify the window by pattern
		matching in the string gadget or by setting a timeout that
		gives you time to select the proper window.  It has a gadtools
		interface and an "ask-before-closing" option.  Version 1.2,
		OS 2.xx only.  FreeWare, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

ICalc		A powerful calculator with many features, including user de-
		fined variables and functions, C-style programming constructs,
		complex number calculations and more.  Has comprehensive in-
		structions, and numerous examples.  This is version 2.1, an
		update to version 2.0 on disk 695.  Enhancements since prev-
		ious version include base-conversion facilities and scripts
		to perform numerical integration.  Binary only, source avail-
		able from author.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

KeyClick	A small utility to provide a key-click.  Has a nice Workbench
		interface to modify settings.  Requires Kickstart 2.0 or high-
		er.  Binary only.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

Pal		A small utility to help applications open their own PAL screen
		on an NTSC Amiga with ECS.  It requires Workbench 2.0.  In-
		cludes sources in C and assembly.
		Author:  Eric Gontier

PatchLace	A commodity for Workbench 2.0 that makes all interlaced
		screens open in NTSC mode, thereby reducing flicker.  Requires
		Kickstart 2.0 or higher.  Binary only.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

RKRM_Lib2	Part three of a four part distribution of complete source code
		and executables of all the examples in the third edition Amiga
		ROM Kernel Reference Manuals, published by Addison-Wesley.
		Part four is on this disk and parts one and two can be found
		on disk 741.
		Author:  Commodore CATS

RKRM_Lib3	Part four of a four part distribution of complete source code
		and executables of all the examples in the third edition Amiga
		ROM Kernel Reference Manuals, published by Addison-Wesley.
		Part three is on this disk and parts one and two can be found
		on disk 741.
		Author:  Commodore CATS

SetPrefs	A CLI command which activates a system-configuration.  Useful
		when different prefs are created (i.e. for the printer) and
		you don't want to continually change your existing system
		configuration.  Version 1.0, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Michael Wilkes

CONTENTS OF DISK 0743
---------------------

ClickRun	With the help of ClickRun you can start fifty programs by a
		simple mouse click.  Has a build in editor, online help and
		iconification.  Supports keyboard and mouse.  English and
		German documentation.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Andr Voget.

FoCo		Format controller.  A graphical user interface for disk for-
		matting.  Pops up on disk insertion or via hotkey.  Version
		1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk number 566.  Requires
		OS 2.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

FRequest	FRequest is a handy program which lets you select a file by
                using the ASL file requester and executes a CLI command with
                the given selection.  FRequest can be easily used in batch
		files and has a lot of options.  You can use it as an frontend
                for any program which does not support filerequester select-
		ions.  It exchanges '[]' in  the specified command line with
		the selection.  It has a debug ability that allows testing of
		options before execution.  This is version 1.5.  OS 2.xx only.
		FreeWare version, binary only.
                Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

LoadLibrary	Another LoadLib program, but this version runs in it's own
		task, and uses the reqtools.library for multiselection and
		other user friendly file handling.  All installed LoadLib
		libraries can also be removed from the system.  Version 2.52
		for OS 2.0 use.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Nils Grs

Look		A very powerful program for disk magazines.  Supports IFF pic-
		tures, IFF brushes, ANSI, fonts and many more features.  Pro-
		grammed in assembly language to be short and fast.  Available
		only in German language and PAL.  Version 1.2, shareware, bi-
		nary only.
		Author:  Andr Voget.

MegaEd		A powerful text editor with lots of features, some not found
		elsewhere.  Integrated Text oriented database, extensive for-
		matting/printing functions, macro language, Arexx-port, key-
		word indention, multiple blocks/marks, key/menu macro record-
		ing, configurability for lot's of languages/compilers, inumer-
		able handy functions for programmers, user friendly interface.
		Version 1.5, public domain, binary only.
		Author:  Wouter van Oortmerssen

TurboDEX	A compiler for the DEX language.  DEX is a language similar
		in structure to Modula2 and C, but different and simpler in
		concept.  Features include compact and fast executables, clear
		program structure, integration of Exec/Dos/Gfx/Intuition
		library calls in the compiler, inline assembly, register
		variables, commented assembly source output, easy to manage
		development system, and more.  Version 1.2, an update to
		version 1.1 on disk 625.  Public domain, binary only.
		Author:  Wouter van Oortmerssen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0744
---------------------

AutoRunner	Automatically executes a CLI command line when you insert a
		disk into a drive.  All you do is put a special tag at the
		beginning of a comment in the disk's root directory.  After
		the comment tag, you put a normal CLI comand line.  AutoRunner
		then executes this command when the disk is inserted.  Version
		2.0, Pascal source included. 
		Author:  Jonathan Maxwell

FO		CLI based Fast Optimizer for AmigaDOS disks.  It can optimize
		one disk in less than 2 min, 30 sec.  Allows optimization for
		CLI or WorkBench usage, and allows you to use unformatted disks
		as the destination.  At least 1 Mb memory required.  This is
		version 1.3, an update to version 1.0 on disk 537.  Binary
		only. 
		Author:  Fabien Campagne

FO2		Intuition-based version of FO, will run on a single drive
		machine.  Includes multiple destinations, automatic turn on
		upon disk insertion and more.  Requires 1.5M or more of 
		memory.  This is version v2.5, includes source.
		Author:  Fabien Campagne

Hextract	A complete header file reference.  Definitions, structures,
		structure members and offsets, flag values, library contents,
		function definitions, registers, library offsets, etc. The
		data from a set of V1.3 Amiga and Lattice header files is
		packed into the included file "headers.z" for immediate
		reference by Hextract.  Version 1.2, an update to version
		1.1 on disk 674.  Freeware, includes partial source.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

IList		A simple list program which displays the data of all open
		screens and their connected windows.  OS 2.xx only.  Version
		0.1, PD, includes source.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

NFD		Newest File Date.  Searches the specified directory for the
		newest file, then returns that filename and path as an ARP
		global variable.  For people without ARP, it allows you to
		execute a command line, specified as a parameter, with the
		file name and path inserted at a specified point.  Sample
		usage would to be have a word processor automatically load
		the last file worked on when it was invoked.  Includes source
		in Pascal
		Author:  Jonathan Maxwell

P-Index		A program for creating active index/selector pages to replace
		the normal window/icon display.  Appearance of pages is only
		limited by the capabilities of your paint program and your 
		imagination.  Index lines can be shown as arrays of boxes (as
		with current "selector" programs), or as icon look-alikes, or
		anything else you fancy, with normally a large saving in disk
		space.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A.Wyndham

P-Reader	An all purpose reader that displays texts, pictures, animations
		and sounds, which may be uncompressed or compressed with
		P-Compress.  Texts can include embedded static or animated
		illustrations and sounds.  This is version 6.2, an update to
		version 5.2 on disk 595.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

Statistics	Provides statistical data on ASCII text files regarding file
		length, number of letters, words and sentences, average word
		length, etc.  Written in assembler for minimum size and maxi-
		mum speed.  Version 1.26, binary only.
		Author:  Nico Max

CONTENTS OF DISK 0745
---------------------

ARexxBox	ARexxBox, inspired by the GadToolsBox by Jan van den Baard, is
		a tool which greatly simplifies the design and implementation
		of an ARexx interface for a program.  Provides a graphical in-
		terface in which to enter the command arguments and results,
		then creates the C source;  one module containing necessary
		basic functions and another containing the interface stub rou-
		tines to which you only have to add your code to.  This is
		version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Balzer

BBBBS		Baud Bandit Bulletin Board System.  Features include up to 99
		file libraries with extended filenotes, up to 99 fully thread-
		ed message conferences, no inherent limits on number of users,
		files, or messages, controlled file library and message confer-
		ence access for users and sysops, interface to extra devices
		like CD-ROM and others (treated as read only), complete Email
		including binary mail and multiple forwarding, user statistics
		including messages written, access time, total files uploaded
		or downloaded, plus much more.  Version 5.5, an update and bug
		fix to version 5.4 on disk 729.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

WizKey		A commodity that speeds up working with windows and screens
		via allowing the user to manipulate them via keyboard instead
		of mouse.  Anything you can do with system gadgets becomes 
		accessible via keyboard.  Popup windowlist allows activation 
		of any window by keyboard or mouse.  Configurable Hotkey def-
		initions and a complete ARexx port.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jrg von Frantzius

CONTENTS OF DISK 0746
---------------------

ATbl		A program for table formating, somehow inspired by the "tbl"
		utility on UNIX system.  Can produce a printer output (with
		IBM semi-graphic characters) or a regular IFF file which can
		be read by any decent word-processing or desktop-publishing
		program.  Both French and English documentation.  This is
		version 2.20, an update from version 1.00 on disk 583, with
		a lot of bugs fixed and a few enhancements.  Binary only
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

KCommodity	Multifunctional commodity for OS 2.0.  Includes window-
		activator, time-display in several modes and formats, alarm
		function, KeyStroke-Clicker, time to environment, Window/
		Screen cycling, LeftyMouse, ESC-Key can close Windows,
		Revision Control System, telefone bill calculator, Screen-
		/Mouse-Blanker, Mapping of german "Umlauts", PopUp Shell,
		AppIcon support, LeftyMouse, user definable HotKeys.  Fully
		controllable via ARexx-Port.  All settings can be customized
		and saved to disk.  This is version 2.00, an update to version
		1.75 on disk 673.  Requires OS 2.0.  Written in assembly
		for speed and efficiency.  Shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

Skew		Skeleton Writer is a tool for generating C code for various
		Intuition based applications.  You click the mouse and the
		code gets written.  Similar to PowerSource and GadToolsBox,
		but with slightly different functionality.  Version 1.2,
		an update to version 0.85 on disk 658.  Includes source.
		Author:  Piotr Obminski

CONTENTS OF DISK 0747
---------------------

ADoc		New version rewritten from scratch, of a help utility for the
		Amiga which allows you to have permanent help on any subject
		you want.  Features include automatic search of any word on
		which you clicked, intelligent term requester, ability to use
		Commodore "AutoDocs" files and any nonproportional font, an
		AREXX port, and more.  Both French and English versions.  This
		is ADoc2 version 1.21, an update from ADoc 7.05 on disk 627.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

APrf		A printing utility for the Amiga.  Features include full In-
		tuition interface, preview function, page selection, margin
		setup, line numbering, an AREXX port, a multi-columns mode,
		2.0 system release support and more.  Both French and English
		versions.  This is version 1.40, an update from version 1.30
		on disk 706.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

AUSH		A command line interpreter for the Amiga.  Features include
		file name completion, pattern expansion, expression computa-
		tion, command history, for...done loops, full support of Ami-
		gaDOS 2.0, and much more.  Almost fully compatible with ARP
		and Commodore shells.  This is version 1.52, an update from
		version 1.42 on disk 706.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

CONTENTS OF DISK 0748
---------------------

DeliTracker	A powerful and system friendly music player.  Features include
		configuration files, GUI, full ARexx control, flexible player
		interface and xpk support.  DeliTracker will play all popular
		sound modules available on the Amiga.  Currently it supports
		over 40 different module formats.  The most important players
		(PT/ST/NT) are internal.  Additional players (like MED, 8SVX,
		SMUS, ...) may be loaded from disk.  Includes the source of
		nearly all external 'deliplayers'.  Version 1.30, shareware,
		binary only.
		Authors:  Peter Kunath and Frank Riffel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0749
---------------------

AmokEd		A highly configurable editor based on Matt Dillon's well known
		DME.  Features a rich command language, an ARexx interface and
		ARexx based application port, environment variable support,
		user definable pull down menus, fast scrolling and scroll gad-
		gets, multiple file editing, iconification, reentrant and can
		be made resident.  Written in Oberon, version 1.30, binary
		only.  Requires AmigaOS2.0 or higher.
		Author:  Hartmut Goebel

LogMan		The Log Manager allows you to manipulate your log files to a
		greater degree than other log managers.  LogMan operates on
		a personalized script file.  You can insert a call to LogMan
		in your startup-sequence or in your "mail" script.  LogMan
		will call the script and check certain parameters.  Requires
		kickstart 1.3 or 2.0 to operate.  Version 1.003, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Bob Rye

PaperBack	Allows the user to generate a double sided document from a
		single sided one.  Two output documents are created: an ODDS
		set and an EVENS set.  The odds set can be printed on single
		sheet or tractor feed paper, reversed and re-inserted in the
		printer, then the even set can be printed on the reverse side.
		Page sizes are all fully editable by the user, along with cer-
		tain other parameters.  Handles predefined page breaks elo-
		quently.  Saves paper, and storage space.  Requires kickstart
		1.3 or 2.0 to operate.  Version 2.004, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Bob Rye

PED		A source text editor which supports all important standard
		editor commands.  It accepts mouse and keyboard commands, and
		will run from CLI and from Workbench.  PED doesn't use the op-
		erating system for outputs and scrolls very fast.  This is
		version 2.30, binary only.
		Author:  Frank Wille

PhxAss		A MC68000 Macro Assembler which supports includes, incbins,
		small data and small code model, optimization, 12 arithmetic
		operations, relocatable and absolute code, floating point
		equates and nearly all standard assembler directives.  PhxAss
		can be used from CLI only.  This is version 2.11, binary only.
		Author:  Frank Wille

PhxLnk		An Amiga DOS Linker which is very small (7 KB) and processes
		the small-code/data model.  It does not support overlay hunks
		in the current version.  PhxLnk can be used from CLI only.
		This is version 1.27, binary only.
		Author:  Frank Wille

VoiceEditor	A tool to edit, save, load, and convert instruments of Roland
		D-20 Synthesizers (and compatibles, like D-10) via MIDI.  You
		can convert instruments into Music-X sequences, save and load
		voicedumps and edit the system area of your D-20.  Req.library
		and midi.library are used and included.  Version 2.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Andre Willms

ZipWd		ZipWd is a little example code of the new OS 2.xx feature of
		zipping windows.  It does the same thing as clicking on the
		window's ZipGadget.  It's also useful if you define a keyboard
		macro with ZipWd.  Requires AmigaOS 2.xx.  Version 0.5, public
		domain, includes source.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0750
---------------------

AddIcon		A useful tool that copies icons to a given file or directory.
		It supports pattern matching and has various options.  It
		first looks at the suffixes of the files and for chunks to
		identify their types, then it copies the right type of icon
		to the files.  These icons should be located in the Icons:
		drawer.  Contains all needed icons.  OS 2.xx only.  FreeWare
		version 1.7, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

CFX		Crunched File eXaminer allows the user to examine and find
		files using several different search criteria.  CFX knows a
		huge amount of the current Amiga filetypes, including a vast
		number of "cruncher" types.  CFX can also give in-depth dis-
		assemblies of crunched files, including most address crunched
		files, relocator crunched files, and some major archive crun-
		ched types.  This version requires kick 1.3 or 2.0.  Version
		5.242, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Bob Rye and Marcus Mroczkowski

Create		A replacement for the "makedir" command.  It can create dir-
		ectories and files.  Useful for some editors and other pro-
		grams that allow you to you define a file to load at start-
		time.  In this case files can be created before calling these
		programs that usually give you nervous requesters on non-
		existing files.  It accepts multiple files and directories,
		and is also useful for batchfiles.  OS 2.xx only.  This is
		version 1.1, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

DockBrushes	Two PAL pictures containing brushes to be used with AmiDock
		(Shareware program by Gary Knight), or other such utilities.
		One is in hi-res (640 x 256 2 bit planes), the other in hi-
		res interlace (640 x 512 2 bit planes).
		Author:  Grard Cornu

ExecMaster	A tool that allows you to start scripts, programs and rexx
		scripts in different ways.  You can optionally specify an out-
		put.  This could be a file or even a window.  It has the abil-
		ity to iconify and a full gadtools user interface with key
		command support.  It fully supports PublicScreens.  OS 2.xx
		only.  Version 1.7, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

FontViewQ	A commodity to display a table of characters of any Amiga
		font, which is chosen by a font requester.  The characters are
		clickable to show you the ASCII value and the key combination
		to press.  With AmigaOS 2.1 a localization takes place (cur-
		rently German and French).  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Dieter Temme

SaveW		SaveW is the counterpart of SizeW.  It saves the current win-
		dow coords to a file (if given) or to STDOUT.  Includes some
		useful shell aliases.  OS 2.xx only.  Version 1.3, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

SizeW		SizeW is a tool that lets you change the size and the place
		of the currently active window.  You can specify coords from
		commandline or optionally from a file.  This is a companion
		to SaveW.  Includes some examples in the docfile.  OS 2.xx
		only.  Version 1.5, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

SplitQ		Opposite of the AmigaDos 'JOIN' command.  A portion of the
		file specified by offset from the beginning and length is
		saved to a new file.  The syntax is like the BASIC function
		MID$().  Parts can be rejoined with the 'JOIN' command.
		Version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Dieter Temme

StripIt		A programming utility that strips all kinds of comments from
		given source codes of all programming languages.  It is con-
		trolled by a config file which includes the rules of the com-
		ment chars.  Some configuration files included. OS 2.xx only.
		Version 1.3, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0751
---------------------

Annotate	A text editor written for ADos 2.04 only.  Takes advantage of
		Public screens and the system default font.  Features include
		folding, shifting, vertical cut and paste, full clipboard
		support, macros, scroll bar, editor buffering, printing, text
		locking and a tools menu.  Version 1.8, an update to version
		1.0 on disk number 641.  Binary only.
		Author:  Doug Bakewell

CheatFont	A simple program which Patches the TOPAZ/8 font.  You can use
		one out of FIVE implemented fonts, but it's also possible to
		install external fonts via the req.library and/or the reqtools.
		library.  Also included in the package are 30 demofonts.
		OS\2.0 required, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Nils 'Jon' Gvrs

PPMC		The Powerpacker Mini Clone.  This is powerpacker.library
		meeting gadtools.library: A small utility, useful for compres-
		sing any text or data file.  Version 1.1 which includes the C
		source for both SAS/C & DICE.
		Author:  Reza Elghazi

ReflexTest	A game which tests your addition, subtraction, or multipli-
		cation skills.  The goal is to answer several math questions
		in the shortest possible time.  A continuation to the version
		found on disk number 713.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jason Lowe

VCLI		Voice Command Line Interface allows you to execute CLI or
		ARexx commands, or ARexx scripts, by spoken voice command
		through your Perfect Sound 3, Sound Master (Sound Magic), or
		Generic audio digitizer.  VCLI is completely multitasking and
		will run continuously in the background, waiting to execute
		your voice command even while other programs may be running.
		With VCLI you can launch multiple applications or control any
		program with ARexx capability completely by spoken voice
		command.  VCLI is compatible with both NTSC and PAL.  This is
		version 5, a major upgrade and replacement for version 4 on
		disk number 618.  Binary only, requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Author:  Richard Horne

YearPrintQ	Prints a calendar of the year onto four sheets of paper. The
		GUI adapts itself automatically to the actual system font.
		With AmigaOS 2.1, a localization also takes place (currently
		German and French).  A configuration file with any holiday
		or special occasion definitions can be chosen thru file re-
		quester or "drag and drop".  The calendar can be printed on
		every printer supported from AmigaOS either with IBM graphics
		or ASCII characters.  Version 2.5, requires at least AmigaOS
		2.0.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dieter Temme

CONTENTS OF DISK 0752
---------------------

ToolManager	ToolManager is a full featured program for either WorkBench
		or CLI tool management.  Includes the ability to add menu
		items to the 2.x "Tools" menu, add WorkBench icons or dock
		Windows.  Features multi-column docks that automatically
		detect largest image size, ARexx, sound and Locale support.
		This is version 2.0, a complete overhaul since version 1.5
		on disk number 551.  Complete new "object-oriented" concept
		and configuration is now handled by a preferences program.
		Includes source, lots of graphic images, and programmers
		support for using the toolmanager.library.  Requires 2.x for
		full functionality
		Author:  Stefan Becker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0753
---------------------

AskFirst	A software disk write-protection.  With the permission of the
		user, disables floppy writes even on write-enabled disks.
		Switches to enable/disable states with a gadget.  Runs from
		both WorkBench and CLI.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

Mostra		A shareware IFF utility featuring real-time unpacking scroll,
		dozens of options, "smart" analysis of any IFF file (FORMs,
		LISTs,...  also nested ILBM), total control over display
		modes, simple slideshow processing, pattern matching, multi-
		palette, double buffering, fast decompression, color cycling,
		TeXdocs, startup files for easy custom configurations and
		complete WB support.  Version 1.08, binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

SuperDuper	A very fast disk copier and formatter.  Can make up to four
		unverified copies from a ram buffer in 36 seconds.  Verified
		copies from a ram buffer take 67 seconds for one destination
		drive, plus 34 seconds for each additional destination.  This
		is version 2.02, an update to version 2.01 on disk 590.
		Includes a program to fine tune some fields in the trackdisk
		device, and a "no click" type program.  Binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

Yak		"Yet Another Kommodity".  Features a sunmouse that only acti-
		vates when mouse stops, KeyActivate windows, Click windows
		to front or back, Cycle screens with mouse, Mouse and Screen
		blanking, Close/Zip/Shrink/Enlarge windows with programmable
		hotkeys, Activate Workbench by hotkey (to get at menus when
		WB obscured), Pop up a palette on front screen, Insert date
		(in various formats), KeyClick with adjustable volume, Pop-
		Command key for starting a command (like PopCLI), Gadtools
		interface.  All settings accessible from Workbench tooltypes.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

Zoo		Another independent port of Zoo version 2.10, this version
		includes source.  Zoo is a file archiver, much like "arc" in
		concept, but different in implementation and user interface
		details.  Version 2.10, an update to version 2.00 on disk 164.
		New features include greatly improved compression, preserva-
		tion of full pathnames by default, and extended multi-screen
		help.  Includes source.
		Author:  Rahul Dhesi, Amiga port by Olaf Seibert

CONTENTS OF DISK 0754
---------------------

ARexxAppList	The ARexx Application List.  A list (plain text) of approx-
		imately 175 Amiga programs that support ARexx, with brief
		descriptions of their capabilities.  Updates are posted in the
		USENET newsgroup comp.sys.amiga.applications.  Version dated
		October 15, 1992.
		Author:  Daniel J. Barrett

BootLogo	Designed for machines displaying a white screen during boot-
		time.  Displays a nice picture that automatically terminates as
		soon as the first window is opened during the boot process.
		Requires AmigaDOS 2.0 or higher.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Markus Illenseer

Enforcer	A tool to monitor illegal memory access for 68020/68851, 68030,
		and 68040 CPUs.  This is a completely new Enforcer from the
		original idea by Bryce Nesbitt.  It contains many new and
		wonderful features and options and no longer contains any
		exceptions for specific software.  Enforcer can now also be
		used with CPU or SetCPU FASTROM or most any other MMU-Kick-
		start-Mapping tool.  Major new output options such as local
		output, stdout, and parallel port.  Highly optimized to be as
		fast as possible.  This is version 37.25 and requires V37 of
		the OS or better and an MMU.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

SmartDisk	A 512K pre-fetch scsi cache that currently supports xt.device,
		gvpscsi.device and scsi.device.  For users with not more than
		one drive on a device only.  Version 1.3.1, includes source.
		Author:  David Le Blanc

SofTrack	Opens a little window that shows the current track number of
		the heads of each floppy drive and whether a read or write
		operation is in progress.  Runs from both WorkBench and CLI.
		Includes source in C and Assembly.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

Win2Front	A simple, small and pure utility similar to Shell2Front on disk
		number 741.  This program adds the ability to specify the name
		of the window to be brought to the front.  Version 0.21, binary
		only.
		Author:  Girard Cornu

XPK		An interfacing standard between applications and packer lib-
		raries.  Any XPK application can handle every XPK packer.
		Included applications:  A (de)compressing file handler, a
		packing app-icon, command line packers, a LoadSeg() patch,
		adapted image displayer and movie player, and many more.  Also
		included:  4 nice packers, 2 very safe encryptors, and some
		demonstration libraries.  Version 2.4, includes developer's
		application kit.
		Author:  Urban Dominik Mueller, Bryan Ford and others

CONTENTS OF DISK 0755
---------------------

OctaMED		Save-disabled version of the full-featured OctaMED-Pro, a
		commercial product.  OctaMed is the 8-channel version of MED,
		a music editor which was originally designed for making music
		for programs (demos, games, etc), but works well as a stand-
		alone music program.  This is version 4.00, an update to ver-
		sion 1.00b on disk number 579.  Includes several sample songs.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen and Ray Burt-Frost

CONTENTS OF DISK 0756
---------------------

KOE2		Three-turn demo of the strategy role-playing game Kingdoms
		of England II, where up to six human or computer players
		compete for nearly 200 territories of the old British Isles.
		Features excellent, scrolling, 64-color extra halfbrite
		graphics.  Requires 1Mb minimum memory.  Binary only.
		Author:  Brian Vodnik and Realism Entertainment

PopUpMenu	A small program that makes it possible for you to use pop-up
		menus with any program that uses standard intuition menus.
		Version 5.0, an update to version 4.3 on disk 667.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Martin Adrian

Run68013	Emulates 11 of the 68020-specific instructions and its regis-
		ters in a system with 68000.  It does so using 68000 instruc-
		tions and memory.  None of the new 68020 addressing modes are
		supported.  Runs from both WorkBench and CLI.  An upgrade from
		the Run68010 on disk number 638.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

CONTENTS OF DISK 0757
---------------------

CMDemo		A couple of nifty animation demos created with GVP's new stand-
		alone morphing package CineMorph(tm).  CineMorph features the
		ability to warp single images, morph between two or more
		images, and even morph between moving sequences of images,
		with an easy-to-use interface.  Extremely fast rendering times,
		and the ability to output to a variety of formats (including
		direct support for HAM-E, DCTV, and generating Op-5 ANIMs).
		Author:  Great Valley Products

FollowMouse	A pair of small blinking eyes following the mouse movements
		on the screen.  Runs from both the WorkBench and CLI.  Includes
		source in PASCAL.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

PC		Printer Controller.  Sends escape codes to the printer accord-
		ing to ANSI standards to aid using various capabilities of the
		printer.  Intuition interface, runs from both the WorkBench
		and CLI.  Includes source in assembly
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

Uhr		A small configurable digital clock (Uhr is german for "clock"),
		that makes use of the FormatDate() function in WorkBench 2.1's
		locale.library.  Requires at least Kickstart 2.04 and WorkBench
		2.1.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

WBStart		WBStart is a package to emulate the WorkBench startup proce-
		dure, by loading a program, creating a process for it, and
		then sending it a WB startup message.  Includes a handler
		process which does the starting of the processes for you and
		then waits for the startup reply messages.  Version 1.2, an
		update to version 1.0 on disk number 572.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0758
---------------------

BFormat		Formats disks that have media (or hard) errors on them and
		allocates them as used, making the rest of the disk usable.
		Similar to BBformat on disk number 493, but apparently
		independantly authored.  Supports FFS, OFS and most devices,
		including hard-drives.  Version 4.0, includes source.
		Author:  T.A.Nery, R.W.Bowers, Bob Bush

GeoTime		A software "Geochron" that allows you to see the earth's
		shadow scroll across the world map or globe in real time,
		showing the earth's day/night state.  This is version 1.2b,
		an update to version 1.0 on disk number 180.  Runs under
		AmigaDOS 2.1 whereas earlier versions had some problems.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Smithwick (Distant Suns, AmigaTrek)

MemMometer	A program that opens a narrow window and graphically displays
		your memory usage like a gauge.  Warps mode will detect changes
		in regions of memory over time.  Detected changes are categor-
		ized and displayed using color coded bands.  This is version
		2.40, an update to Version 2.20 on disk number 496.  Can be
		used with AmigaDOS 1.2 to 3.0; does 32-bit memory addresses.
		New with version 2.4 is an ARexx port for menu functions.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Howard Hull

Mine		A new Modula-2 implementation of an old computer game.  You
		have an N * N square with mines hidden in some fields.  Your
		job is to mark them with a flag as fast as possible.  High-
		score lists are supported.  Version 1.6, an update to version
		1.0 on disk number 725, contains several improvements and
		a bug fix when operating under OS 39.x.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Ansorge

NoChange	Saves some important system vectors at the start of execution
		and periodically checks them to see if they've changed.  A
		universal virus finder.  Runs from both WorkBench and CLI. 
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  Lots of new enhancements including information on
		devices, resources and ports, and graphical speed comparisons.
		This is version 3.01, an update to version 2.69 on disk 642.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

WorldTime	A clock that can show you the time in any city in the world.
		The times are calculated automatically using data supplied by
		the user.  Rewritten to take advantages of features available
		under Kickstart 2, and thus will not run under 1.2 or 1.3 any-
		more.  A commodity that can be run from the workbench or CLI
		Version 2.1, an update to version 1.31 on disk number 583,
		binary only.
		Author:  Jonathan Potter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0759
---------------------

ABackup		A powerful backup utility that may be used both for harddisk
		backup and for file archiving.  Has a full Intuition interface
		(as well as a "batch" mode), can save/load file selections,
		handles HD disk, etc.  Includes both a French and an English
		version.  This is version 1.60, an update from version 1.31 on
		disk 706.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

AZap		A "new generation" binary editor able to edit files, memory,
		or devices like hard disks.  It can open several windows at
		the same time, handle FFS/OFS file systems, and has a lot a
		functions (fill block, compute checksum, base conversion,
		etc.).  Includes both a French and an English version.  This
		is version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

BioRhythm	An intuition based easy-to-use program that shows your 3 basic
		BioRhythms plus the average-"rhythm".  Take a look, dump it to
		your printer and make your plans for "when to do what".  This
		is version 1.0, binary only, PAL version.  Source available
		from author on request.
		Author:  Thomas Arnfeldt

CDTV-Player	A little utility for all those people, who'd like to play
		Audio-CD's, while multitasking on workbench.  It's an emula-
		tion of CDTV's remote control, but is a little more sophisti-
		cated.  Version 1.0_, binary only.
		Author:  Danny Amor

ChemBalance	An ARexx script to balance unbalanced chemical equations.  With
		ChemBalance in ram, enter "rx ram:ChemBalance" from a CLI or
		Shell window.  A prompt should appear from which you can enter
		an unbalanced chemical equation for ChemBalance to try to
		balance.  Version 1.0, requires ARexx.
		Author:  Patrick Reany

LSlabel		A simple label printing utility.  Very powerful as the user
		can/must do a lot of settings by himself.  Features include
		variable linefeeds (in 1/216 inch steps) between 21 indepen-
		dent lines and freely configurable printer codes.  Version
		1.29, an update to version 1.12 on disk 586, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Berendes

CONTENTS OF DISK 0760
---------------------

ARestaure	Permits you to restore accidently deleted files.  Works on
		all Amiga partitions (Floppy, Hard disk and RAD:).  Intuition
		interface where user can select between one of three different
		languages: English, French and German.  Version 1.00, Binary
		only.
		Author:  Jean-Yves Proux

BootJob		The BootBlock Utility.  Includes functions to store, install,
		view or execute any disk bootblock.  Also, self-made bootblocks
		can be installed to disk.  The most powerful function is to
		save any bootblock as an executable CLI-File.  Now you can
		start any boot-util, viruschecker, game, or loader from the
		CLI.  Also includes a drawer with 33 bootblocks from the BootX
		BootBlock-Library.  BootJob requires Amiga OS2.0.  Version
		1.00, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Bialas

FIM		The Fast-Intro-Maker. Use this little IntroMaker to create your
		own Intros in a few minutes.  Includes functions to insert
		selfmade IFF-Pictures, Color-Screentexts and more.  Final
		created Intros will run on OS1.2/1.3/2.0 (WB/Cli).  F.I.M.
		requires Amiga OS2.0.  This is version 1.00, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Michael Bialas

Fleuch		A little game with more than five extra large stages.  The
		object is to pickup up your cargo and climb safely to the
		next stage, without being shot or running into anything,
		(including your cargo!).  Scrolling, shooting, some gravita-
		tion, similar to Thrust (C64).  Binary only.
		Author:  Karsten Gvtze

JcGraphDemo	Demo version of a ShareWare Business grapher with an Intuition
		interface.  JcGraph can show your data as bar, line, planes,
		stack, blocks, 2D and 3D, etc.  Features realtime rotation
		around X, Y, Z axis, on-line help, professional looking 2D
		and 3D graph output, and more.  Can output EPS, 3D GEO,
		AegisDraw2000 and IFF ILBM format files.  Demo version 1.100,
		an update to demo version 0.903 on disk 671. Binary only.
		Author:  Jean-Christophe Climent

Memmin		A little utility that will measure and continuously report the
		maximum amount of memory used by a program and the minimum
		level of memory remaining.  Freeware, assembly source included.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

P-Compress	A compression program that produces smaller files faster than
		any other current general-purpose cruncher, using LZH com-
		pression algorithms.  Can handle single files, whole drawers,
		disks, or selected files or types of files within drawers and
		disks.  Includes compression and decompression object files
		which can be linked to your own programs to allow them to
		access and output data in LZH format.  Version 2.5, an update
		to version 2.3 on disk 650, now has the ability to recognize
		and recompress power-packer files.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham, LZH code by Barthel/Krekel

S-Text		Turns texts into completely self-contained, self-displaying
		compressed files callable from Workbench or a CLI.  S-Texts
		will save disk space and can be transferred from disk to disk
		without having to think about reader and decompression compati-
		bility.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

CONTENTS OF DISK 0761
---------------------

AztecErr	A Manx quickfix support program.  If you use the quickfix
		option of AztecC version 5.xx, you can set CCEDIT to this
		program.  It opens a window which displays all errors one
		after another.  It also has an ARexx port and a gadtools
		user interface.  Optionally uses the RexxHost.library (c)
		by MXM.  Version 1.0, OS 2.xx only, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

Blitt		A graphic utility to help blitter-programmers with Minterms.
		Reads a standard IFF picture for experimentation and writes
		out any results if required.  Version 1, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Juhasz

Installer	A replacement for the installer tool by Commodore.  It's
		an interactive, user-friendly installer, that can perform a
		complete, sophisticated installation.  GadTools user inter-
		face and the ability to save a preferences file and a lots of
		options.  Step by step installation, ask, update, makedir,
		options, etc.  Controlled by a simple script which contains
		the names, patterns and/or vars of the installation programs.
		OS 2.xx only, includes installation script for itself. 
		Version 3.1, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

LE-NAG		LeverEdge NAG is a program to remind you of events before you
		miss them.  Events can be scheduled to occur once or repeat
		daily, weekly, monthly or yearly.  You can be alerted of the
		event in a number of ways from a screen flash to a message
		requester.  Version 92.10.21, an update to version 92.05.02
		on disk 683.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Craig M. Lever

MemWaste	Allocates all fast memory except a user specified number of
		bytes.  Allocation is freeable with another call to MemWaste.
		Useful if you do not want to waste 32-Bit-RAM for your 1 MB
		RAD.  Version 1.0, first release.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Thies Wellpott

PassWord	A little password program, not intended to give protection
		against professional hackers but more like keeping little
		sisters and/or friends from using your system without your
		permission.  This is the first release version 0.1. OS 1.3
		and 2.xx, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

RemLib		A little CLI tool that closes the specified libraries in a
		system-friendly way.  Ability to specify multiple libraries
		with return status about the success of each one.  Codesize
		about 2 KB.  Version 1.2, OS 2.xx only, includes source in C.
		Public domain.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

SFragMem	Graphically shows memory fragmentation.  The graphic display
		is sizeable.  Also displays some other information of the exec
		memory header.  Version 1.01, first release, requires OS 2.0.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Thies Wellpott

Struct-Saver	A utility to save the whole menu or gadget structure of a win-
		dow as C-source code.  Useful if you want to make a 2.0-tool
		running under 1.2/1.3, gadtools generates all necessary menu
		structures in memory, this tool saves them as source code.
		Version 1.20, first release, requires OS 2.0.  Includes source
		in C.
		Author: Thies Wellpott

CONTENTS OF DISK 0762
---------------------

PlotMap		PlotMap is a tool like DrawMap from Bryan Brown that draws
		a map of the world's surface.  PM uses the same map files
		as DrawMap 4.0/4.1 but has several improvements: much faster,
		runs on 512 KB machines with just one floppy, more configur-
		able, zoom box from a box map, definable screen mode, abort-
		able drawing.  This version requires OS 2.04.  Version 0.85,
		first release.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Thies Wellpott

CONTENTS OF DISK 0763
---------------------

BCBMusic	This is the third set of original music in the BCBmusic series.
		This set includes the songs "Reactance", "DreamScape", and
		"Transition".  Like the first two releases (on disks 428 and
		538), these songs are self-playing with no additional player
		programs required.  WB2.0 compatible, binary only.
		Author:  Brian C. Berg

InfoQ		A replacement for the CLI 'Info' command.  Has the option to
		display devices or volumes or specified devices only.  Displays
		the columns "Size" and "Used" in MBytes or KBytes instead of
		blocks.  Requires AmigaOS 2.04.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Dieter Temme

MidiSyn		Monitor incoming MIDI messages.  Displays a synthesizer on a
		PAL screen and redraws current state of all 61 keys at 50
		frames per second.  All interrupts turned off while running.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Marcus Ottosson

NoArgs		The Arguments Utility.  Never again get weak-minded by typing
		those long Command lines including hundreds of Arguments/Para-
		meters.  With NoArgs you can create a new executable command
		that calls the original command and automatically passes it
		the arguments you specified, without having to execute any
		Batch/Scriptfiles.  Requires Amiga OS2.0, version 1.00, binary
		only, shareware.
		Author:  Michael Bialas

ReadRefs	A tool that brings the ability of references file loadings to
		any editor that can call ARexx scripts or batch files.  It does
		a fast searching and is compatible to the format of the DMe
		and autodoc refs files.  Includes sample scripts for TurboText
		and DMe.  Version 1.1, binary only, freeware.  OS 2.xx only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

Sirds		Generates & Prints 'Single Image Random Dot Stereograms'.
		These are 3D images viewed within a picture of seemingly
		random dots.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Ross Fuller

CONTENTS OF DISK 0764
---------------------

AltKeyQ		A commodity that allows the user to input characters thru ASCII
		code by holding the left ALT key and typing in the code on the
		numeric keypad. (same as on PCs with MS-DOS).  With AmigaOS 2.1
		a localization takes place (currently German).  Requires
		AmigaOS 2.04.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Dieter Temme

CLI-Tools	Some CLI-use only tools.  Includes a file splitter, a cold
		reboot utility, a test-if-command-is-resident utility, a 50Hz
		time delayer, and a utility to calculate the "REAL" number of
		blocks used by a file.  All include C or Assembly source.
		Author:  Thies Wellpott

Gambit_Terp	An interpreter for the full Scheme Programming Language which
		conforms to the IEEE/ISO and Revised Report standards.  In
		addition, some code samples and tutorials are included.
		A companion disk, the Gambit Compiler can be found on disk
		number 765, it allows you to link in C code and build stand-
		alone native executables.  It also contains complete sources
		for the interpreter and compiler.  The interpreter is Freeware,
		and requires 1.5Mb to run.  The compiler is shareware and re-
		quires about 3Mb and a hard disk for effective development.
		Author:  Marc Feeley, Amiga work and documents by Ken Dickey

CONTENTS OF DISK 0765
---------------------

Gambit_Comp	A compiler for the full Scheme Programming Language which
		conforms to the IEEE/ISO and Revised Report standards.
		Contains complete sources for the compiler and an Interpreter.
		(Interpreter binaries can be found on disk number 764).
		The compiler is shareware and requires about 3Mb and a hard
		disk for effective development.  The interpreter is Freeware
		and requires about 1.5Mb to run.
		Author:  Marc Feeley, Amiga work and documents by Ken Dickey

CONTENTS OF DISK 0766
---------------------

BBase2View	A Base-Viewer for Databases created with BBase2.  Advantages 
		are faster database processing, viewing and more.  Includes a 
		print option for single records.  Requires Amiga OS2.0, version
		1.00, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Michael Bialas

ISAM		A Server/Library.  Even novice programmers can store/retrieve
		database records.  Powerful, multi-"user", almost unlimited
		number/size of records/files.  Different users may access same
		file, file/record locking (exclusive/shared), multiple keys/
		file.  Keys may: ascend/descend, overlap each other, have 
		unique/repeatable values, be up to 499 bytes.  Many record 
		retrieval methods.  Recover Index file if lost/corrupt.
		Deleted record space reclaimed.  Small: server < 49K; Resident
		Library < 8K.  AmigaDOS V1.2 and up, shareware, binary only.
		Version 1.01, contains examples w/source.
		Author:  Scott C. Jacobs.

MPE		A compiler tool for users of the M2amiga programming environ-
		ment.  MPE does the same job better than your batch file.  You
		can do everything with the mouse or the right amiga key.  With
		this Modula-2 Programming Environment you can compile, link,
		and run your program.  When there is an error, the editor is
		started automatically.  You can set all switches for M2C, M2L
		M2Make, M2Project, and M2LibLink.  This is version 1.38, an
		update to version 1.31 on disk 732.  Binary only.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

PPDO		PowerPackerDataOnly, a CLI/Shell tool which uses the power-
		packer.library for (de)crunching data files.  Many options 
		available (crunching speed, speed up buffer size, etc.)
		Version 1.21, first release.  Includes source in C. 
		Author:  Thies Wellpott

Switcher	A set of utilities designed for Amiga owners who use a Hewlett-
		Packard LaserJet Series Printer and Pacific Data's PacificPage
		P.E cartridge.  These utilities allow the user to leave the 
		Postscript cartridge installed at all times, and switch easily
		between Postscript and PCL (standard HP) modes.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Thomas L. Applegate

CONTENTS OF DISK 0767
---------------------

Addresser	Name, Address and phone number database in a window.  Features
		include merge file creation for most popular Amiga word pro-
		cessors, envelope printing, user-defined address formats,
		support for the Amiga clipboard device, and much more.  Version
		2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk #559.  Binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Kelly

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects 25 different such viruses.
		Version 1.6a, containing a small but important bug fix to
		version 1.6 on disk 733.  Share-ware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

BackUP		A freely distributable, shareware hard drive backup program
		that features a custom Intuition interface, multi-floppy drive
		support, high-density drive support, incremental/full backups,
		on-the-fly compression using lh.library, optional verify, two
		types of backup logs and a restorable configuration.  BackUP
		requires Workbench 2.0.  Version 3.77, an update to version
		3.5 on disk number 724, contains several features, some opti-
		mizations and a several few bug fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Felix R. Jeske

File		Examines given file(s) and takes an educated guess as to their
		type.  File types looked for include:- fonts, icons, execut-
		ables, objects, compressed, command scripts,C source, direc-
		tories, iffs, LaTeX source, modula II source, shell commands
		and scripts, TeX source, dvi, uuencoded, yacc, zoo, lha(rc).
		Version 1.1, an update by Gary Duncan to Version 1.0 by Edwin
		Hoogerbeets disk number 231.  Changes include looking for a
		few more types, improving its IQ slightly, and amending source
		to compile ANSI-C under SAS/C 6.0.  Includes C-source.
		Author:  Edwin Hoogerbeets and Gary Duncan

TextRead	A nice, fast, text file reader which was designed to replace
		More or PPMore.  The text output is very quick, since the
		program writes directly into it's screen memory.  Supports
		printing, different tabsizes, fonts and screen modes.
		Configurations can be saved.  Search routines use the locale
		library, if present.  Requires OS 2.04, ReqTools.library v37+
		and PowerPacker.library v35+ (both included).  Version 37.16,
		release 1.03.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Blom

TextRead	A fast but quite simple ascii reader, which was designed to
		replace More or PPMore.  The text output is very fast, since
		the program writes directly into it's screen memory.  The
		program supports printing, different tabsizes, fonts and
		screen modes.  The search routines uses local.library, if
		present, so the case insensitive search works in Sweden too...
		Requires OS 2.04, ReqTools.library v37+ and PowerPacker.lib-
		rary v35+.  The two libraries are included.  Version 37.16,
		release 1.03.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Blom

CONTENTS OF DISK 0768
---------------------

Uedit		Part 1 of a three part distribution of the popular editor by
		the late Rick Stiles.  Per Rick's wishes, the entire program,
		including source has been placed in the public domain so that
		it may continue to grow.  This part contains the editor, con-
		fig and support files, and lharc'd documentation.  Parts 2 & 3
		of the distribution may be found on disk numbers 769 and 770
		respectively.  Uedit is a completely customizable editor with
		a learn mode, a command language, menus, hypertext, online
		help, a teach mode, split windows, copy and paste, undo, spell-
		checking, many word-processing features and more.  This is
		version 4.0, an update to version 3.0 on disk 622.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0769
---------------------

ALook		An IFF ILBM displayer with lots of features!  Displays Anims,
		HAM, extra half-brite, overscan, low-res, hi-res, lace, etc.
		Runs from WorkBench or CLI, recursive wild-card selection,
		specifiable delays between displays, loop mode and more.
		Uses iff.library.  Requires OS 2.0.  Version 3.1, binary only.
		Author:  Trevor Andrews

CopperPrefs	A OS 2.0-style preferences editor that allows you to load,edit
		and save copperlists for your workbench.  A little program will
		load your copperlist on startup and display it - exactly like
		IPrefs does.  Includes some sample copperlists and the speci-
		fication for a new IFF copperlist format.  Requires OS 2.0+.
		Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

LoadSpy		A small System-Patch for the Dos.Library.  It writes itself to
		the LoadSeg-Routine, displaying information about program names
		and load addresses from all files loaded with the LoadSeg
		routine.  Requires OS2.0, version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Bialas

MeMon		An intuition-based utility that allows you to monitor or change
		specific memory addresses.  User may select byte, word, or long
		word alignment.  Displays in binary, hex, and signed or un-
		signed decimal. Also useful for displaying ascii codes of
		various character key mappings and/or as a hex/binary/decimal
		converter.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  David Ekholm

PowerPlayer	A very powerful, user and system friendly module player.  It
		can handle nearly all module-formats, supports multiselect,
		has hotkeys, has ASL and ReqTools filerequesters, has an ARexx
		port, can read powerpacked modules and comes along with its
		own cruncher that uses the lh.library.  Version 3.4, an
		update to version 3.0 on disk 704, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

Uedit		Part 2 of a three part distribution of the popular editor by
		the late Rick Stiles.  Per Rick's wishes, the entire program,
		including source has been placed in the public domain so that
		it may continue to grow.  This part contains lha archives of
		the source, the spell checker and dictionaries and the propor-
		tial version of the editor, UEP.  Parts 1 & 3 of the distri-
		bution may be found on disk numbers 768 and 770 respectively.
		Uedit is a completely customizable editor with a learn mode,
		a command language, menus, hypertext, online help, a teach
		mode, split windows, copy and paste, undo, spell-checking,
		many word-processing features and more.  This is version 4.0,
		an update to version 3.0 on disk 622.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0770
---------------------

Uedit		Part 3 of a three part distribution of the popular editor by
		the late Rick Stiles.  Per Rick's wishes, the entire program,
		including source has been placed in the public domain so that
		it may continue to grow.  This part contains several lharc'd
		archives of third-party support files, configurations and
		utilities.  Included are emulation configurations for VI, EDT
		and wordstar, a directory utility, hypertext utilities, help
		key utilities and much more.  Parts 1 & 2 of the distribution
		may be found on disk numbers 768 and 769 respectively.  Uedit
		is a completely customizable editor with a learn mode, a
		command language, menus, hypertext, online help, a teach mode,
		split windows, copy and paste, undo, spell-checking, many word-
		processing features and more.  This is version 4.0, an update
		to version 3.0 on disk 622.
		Author:  Rick Stiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0771
---------------------

AutoSave	A small program which calls an ARexx script at regular inter-
		vals, controlled through a Workbench window.  Although intended
		to provide an "AutoSave" function for applications, the script
		can do anything.  Includes C source, which demonstrates simple
		use of GadTools and the timer device.  Requires Kickstart 2.0
		or later.
		Author:  Michael Warner

BBBBS		Baud Bandit Bulletin Board System.  Written entirely in ARexx
		using the commercial terminal program "BaudBandit". Features
		include up to 99 file libraries with extended filenotes, up to
		99 fully threaded message conferences, number of users, files,
		messages, etc. are only limited by storage space, controlled
		file library and message conference access for users and sys-
		ops, interface to extra devices like CD-ROM and others, all
		treated as read only, complete Email with binary mail and
		multiple forwarding, user statistics including messages writ-
		ten, files uploaded or downloaded, time, etc, plus much more.
		Works under Amiga OS 1.3 and greater, tested through 3.0.
		This is version 5.7, an update to version 5.5 on disk 729.
		Includes complete ARexx source.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

PubChange	A commodity for AmigaDos 2.04.  It isn't a public screen man-
		ager, but it is useful when used in conjunction with one.  It
		is designed to make public screens easier to use.  Whenever a
		new screen is brought to the front, this screen is examined.
		If it is a public screen, it is made into the default automat-
		ically without having to explicitly do it from within a public
		screen manager.  Thus, the current default public screen is
		always the one which you have most recently brought to the
		front, and applications which use the default public screen
		will appear there.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

PKludge		A mode promotion commodity for AmigaDos 3.0.  It allows any
		mode to be promoted to any other mode.  Mode promotion keyed
		from the screen name or title, and resizing and moving screens
		during mode promotion.  It is useful to 1) promote all screens
		to a single scan rate to avoid re-syncing on multisync moni-
		tors during screen flipping, 2) use 800x600 or higher resolu-
		tions with some applications which don't know how to open
		those screens but can otherwise handle bigger screen sizes,
		3) use PAL:Productivity 640x400 mode instead of DblNTSC:High
		Res Lace mode, since the productivity mode tends to be more
		visible on some Amiga 4000's.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

NiceMove	Some different examples in C of MOUSEMOVE event handling during
		high CPU or DMA usage.  Version 1.00, first release.  Includes
		source and a sample program.
		Author:  Thies Wellpott

Sing		Sing will read a text file (actually ANY file) and try to
		"sing" the characters in it using internal simple waveforms in
		4 voices.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

Sound		Sound sample player.  Will play ANY file as sound.  Understands
		IFF, stereo, and fibronicci compression.  Can play direct from
		disk.  Uses only 4k of chip ram.  Effects include fade and
		grow.  Works from CLI or WorkBench, all OS thru 3.0.  Includes
		complete C source.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

SourcOpt	A little assembly language source optimizer.  While most assem-
		blers have optimization, they optimize the compiled code.  One
		disadvantage of this however, is when debugging code thru a
		disassembler or monitor, the code you see differs from that
		you have written because of the optimization.  By optimizing
		the source first, you can eliminate some of these differences.
		Version 1.0, binary only, CLI usage only.
		Author:  Alexander Fritsch

CONTENTS OF DISK 0772
---------------------

VMB		Demo version of VIDEO MUSIC BOX, a program designed to provide
		an easy to learn and use facility that non-musicians or begin-
		ning musicians can use to compose original background music
		for their Amiga multimedia productions.  No prior music com-
		positional knowledge is required to generate basic musical
		styles from pre-arranged music pattern templates and chord
		progressions.  Individuals having increased musical backgrounds
		can use the many included editors to define new chord-types,
		"revoice" chords, create new chord progressions, perform basic
		sequence editing, and create additional pattern templates.
		Supports both MIDI Format 0 and IFF SMUS music file formats
		for compatibility with all multimedia authoring programs.
		Version 1.6, second major upgrade to version 1.0 on disk number
		660.  This new version is AmigaDOS 2 compatible, allows un-
		limited pattern generation in a single sequence, has improved
		musical dynamics, and expanded MIDI.  Requires 1 Meg.
		Author:  D.T. Strohbeen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0773
---------------------

Detache		A very small and simple utility that will detache a file from
		the file system.  Note that this is completely different than
		deleting a file.  In particular, Detache works even if the file
		system did not restart properly because of a failed validation.
		This happens rather frequently if the Amiga crashes during a
		write on a hard disk partition: you get the dreaded "checksum
		error on block xxx" requester, and no writes are allowed to the
		partition.  If you know the name of the guilty file (the file
		the faulty block belongs to) you can simply detache it, and the
		file system will be happy to restart.  Requires OS2.04, binary
		only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

Enforcer	A tool to monitor illegal memory access for 68020/68851, 68030,
		and 68040 CPUs.  This is a completely new Enforcer from the
		original idea by Bryce Nesbitt.  It contains many new and
		wonderful features and options and no longer contains any
		exceptions for specific software.  Enforcer can now also be
		used with CPU or SetCPU FASTROM or most any other MMU-Kick-
		start-Mapping tool.  Major new output options such as local
		output, stdout, and parallel port.  Highly optimized to be as
		fast as possible.  This is version 37.26, containing a bug fix
		to version 37.25 on disk number 754.  Requires V37 of the OS
		or better and an MMU.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

Ls		An update based wholly but loosely to the version 3.1 of Ls on
		disk number 236 by Justin McCormick.  Includes many enhance-
		ments and bug fixes.  Ls is a popular, UNIX style directory
		lister.  This version features intelligent columnar listing,
		versatile sort options, UNIX-style pattern matching, recursive
		subdirectory listing, customized output formatting and much
		more!  Version 4.7ljr, requires at least OS 2.04, includes
		source.
		Author:  Loren J. Rittle.

NewPop		An upgrade to the original "POPCLI" by John Toebes.  Features
		include a hotkey CLI (of course!), instant or timed screen
		blanking, a discreet informative backdrop window in the title-
		bar region of the WorkBench screen that gives the date, a
		rough indication of CPU usage and SCSI disk I/O and available
		memory.  Also includes a runtime configuration file.  Version
		4.0, includes source.
		Author:  Loren J. Rittle

Quest		General purpose interactive AREXX question/answer routine that
		includes a very funny script ("HackerTest") to rate your
		"computerese" and hacker ability.  Quest can be used for any
		similiar type question-answer script.  The original hackertest
		was created by Felix Lee, John Hayes and Angela Thomas in Sep-
		tember 1989.
		Author:  Erik Lundevall

REXXProgs	Some good, well-commented, examples of REXX programming.
		Includes Palette.rexx, an ARexx tutorial on using the rexx-
		arplib.library to open a window (in this case a color palette)
		on any public screen and send messages to another ARexx pro-
		cess.  ShoList.rexx, displays system lists (libraries, ports,
		tasks, etc.) and Sz.rexx, Displays alphabetically sorted
		directory with filesizes.  CLI only.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton
 
Wangle		Very addictive "sliding-block" single player strategy game.
		The object is to group four smaller squares of the same color
		together in such a way as to form a larger square.  Once
		started in a direction, blocks slide until they hit another
		block, a wall, or in some cases, fall through the floor!
		Includes 50 levels and a level editor.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Handel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0774
---------------------

ExtraCmds	A small set of AmigaDOS commands, chiefly inspired by UNIX,
		written to augment the collection distributed as part of the
		System Software Release 2.04 (V37) and will not run under
		older releases.  This is the first public release consisting
		of the commands Common, Concat, Count, DirTree, Head, Lower,
		Split, Tee, TimeCom, and Unique.  Source code and manual pages
		in both Danish and English are included.
		Author:  Torsten Poulin

HuntWindows	Starting with 2.0 you can make screens bigger than the visual
		size of your monitor.  On a double-size workbench, catching
		windows like requesters etc. can be quite annoying at times.
		This little utility hangs itself on the Vertical Blank inter-
		rupt to find out which window is being activated and moves the
		screen to show the window in full view.  Version 1.4, includes
		source in assembler.
		Author:  Joerg Bublath

ISpell		An "Amigatized" port of a Unix version of a freely distribu-
		table interactive spelling checker.  Two major modes of oper-
		ation: Original Interactive Mode to allow a user spell check
		and correct a text document and ARexx Server Mode that allows
		the end user to hook ISpell up to text editors and other things
		that need a spell checking service.  Regular expression lookup
		of word patterns is also possible in ARexx Server Mode.
		Includes Arexx macros for GUISpell (included), CygnusEd, Mg,
		TurboText, GNU emacs, VLT and WShell.  Version 3.3LJR, an
		update to the version released on disk number 191.  Requires
		AmigaOS 2.04 or later.  Includes source.
		Author:  Many! Current version by Loren J. Rittle

SetAslDim	A very small and simple 2.04-only utility which lets you set
		the position and dimensions that the ASL file, font and screen
		mode requesters will assume as default.  It obtains this result
		by SetFunction()ing the AllocAslRequest() call of the asl.lib-
		rary.  Binary only, CLI usage only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

SetSystem	A very small and simple 2.04-only utility which forces the
		SYS_UserShell tag on each System() call.  This means that every
		application will use your user shell (for instance, Bill
		Hawes's WShell) instead of the system shell.  Binary only,
		CLI usage only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

CONTENTS OF DISK 0775
---------------------

ICoons		A spline based object modeller which can be used to generate
		objects in TTDDD format.  TTDDD files can be converted to lots
		of different object formats by using the T3DLIB shareware
		package by Glenn Lewis.  Line mode and Flat mode solid render-
		ing as well as Gouraud and Phong shading.  Requires a machine
		with a floating-point co-processer.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Helge E. Rasmussen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0776
---------------------

CopDis		An oldie but goodie I found while poking around the net.
		CopDis is copper list disassembler that can be run from the
		CLI or linked with and run directly from an application
		program.  This is version 34.1, an update to version 0.0a
		on disk number 261.  The code has been cleaned up, some bugs
		fixed and the ECS instructions added.  Includes source.
		Author:  Karl Lehenbauer, enhanced by Sebastiano Vigna

JEd		Yet another programmer's editor.  Lots of features, including:
		total customization, a powerful programming language, multi-
		file/multi-view editing, number of windows is only limited by
		memory, clipboard support (cut/paste on any unit), any window
		can have any (non-proportional) font, an Arexx interface, and
		more.  Version 2.05, (apparently unrelated to the version of
		Jed on disk 297).  Requires OS2.0 or later, includes source.
		Author:  John Harper

XDME		Version 1.54 of Matt's text editor.  XDME is a "not-so-simple"
		WYSIWYG editor designed for programmers.  It is not a WYSIWYG
		word processor in the traditional sense.  Features include
		arbitrary key mapping, FAST scrolling, title-line statistics,
		multiple windows, and ability to iconify windows.  This new
		version has some bug fixes, many new commands and several other
		new enhancements.  Update to version 1.45 on disk number 530,
		includes source.
		Author:  Matt Dillon, Enhanced by Aaron Digulla

WFile		Small but useful tool to interchange ASCII files between
		different operating systems.  Converts foreign symbols and
		adapts linefeed codes.  Can also be used to expand tabs to
		multiple spaces or vice versa.  It has builtin templates for
		interchange between Amiga, MS-DOS, OS/2 and UNIX systems.
		Profiles can be used for common adaptions.  The new version
		contains new templates and the memory management system has
		been revised and optimized.  Version 1.32, an update to
		version 1.11 on disk 536.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Joerg Fenin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0777
---------------------

AGAtest		Two little programs for the (lucky) owners of AGA machines that
		show all 2^24 colors on an AGA HAM8 screen without ever chang-
		ing the 64 base color registers.  Includes source.
		Author:  Loren J. Rittle

Chemesthetics	Chemesthetics uses the calotte model to draw molecules.  It has
		an Intuition user interface, can save pictures as IFF files and
		has many example files.  The new version lets you raise the
		task priority for the painting process to get the results
		faster, shadow and reflection color can now be set to your
		desires, quicktrans.library is used for even faster painting.
		Versions for a math coprocessor and utilties to convert data
		files from Molec3D and to DKBTrace are included.  This is ver-
		sion 2.14, an update to version 2.10 on disk number 574.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Joerg Fenin

IncRev		A small program for a makefile or an lmkfile to update a pro-
		gram's revision number after each successful compile process.
		This is version 1.10, an update to version 1.03 on disk number
		536.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Joerg Fenin

Sizer		A small and pure shell utility that gives the size in bytes,
		blocks, and the total occupied by a directory, device or
		'assign'.  Accepts multiple arguments.  Version 0.36, an update
		to version 0.20 on disk 741.  Now handles control-C and gives
		more accurate results.  French and English docs.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gerard Cornu.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0778
---------------------

DungeonMap	A little tool that creates maps of dungeons and towns which
		can be used by a Dungeon Master (DM's) for use in a Dungeons
		& Dragons (D&D) game.  These maps can be saved, edited, and
		printed.  This is version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk number 603, binary only.
		Author:  Bill Elliot

EgoMouse	A little hack that makes the mouse pointer turn towards the
		direction you move your mouse.  A popular program on the
		Macintosh.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  B.J Lehahn, Pointer designed by F. K|ster 

Kurve		Kurve is yet another function plotting tool which provides
		a very fast and easy way of plotting and analysing
		mathematical functions.  The integrated function compiler
		makes this plotter to be the fastest one you've ever seen.
		Version 2.001, compatible with Kickstart 2.0 and 3.0beta.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Henning Rink

MultiReq	A FileRequester library, but it's not simply another file
		requester library, cause it's the first really multitasking
		file requester (as far as I know) and above this it also has
		a great number of other features, that make MultiReq superior
		to other file requesters.  Written entirely in assembler to
		be small and fast.  Version 1.20, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Andreas Krebs

OmtiFroh	A very small "mini-hack" that allows Enforcer to be used with
		some specific SCSI controllers that don't bind an AutoConfig
		node into the ExpansionList.  Enforcer registers the accesses
		to the hardware at 0xee0000 as 'hits'.  This little gem will
		create the AutoConfig node for you.  Includes source.
		Author:  Henning Schmiedehausen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0779
---------------------

AAP_AAC		Animation playback and convert programs. (AAP and AAC).  AAP
		can show IFF ILBM pictures, show IFF ANIM_5 and IFF_ANIM_7
		animations.  It can show (long) sequences of animations and/or
		pictures using a script file and can operate from memory
		(preload) and/or disk.  AAC converts between the supported
		anim filetypes and/or sequences of pictures.  AAP version 1.2,
		AAC version 1.1.  Includes source and a small sample sequence
		mix of pictures/animation from script file.
		Author:  Wolfgang Hofer

Plasma		A Plasma Cloud Generator for V39 AGA machines only.  This pro-
		gram will generate Fractal Images called Plasma Clouds, using
		the AGA 256 color modes with full use of the 24 bit palette.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Roger Uzun

RDBInfo		Reads the RigidDiskBlock of the unit and device given as argu-
		ments, then displays the most interesting parts.  Version 0.17,
		Binary only.
		Author:  Gerard Cornu

SANA		The official Commodore developer information package for the
		SANA-II Network Device Drivers.  Includes the SANA-II spec,
		readme files, SANA-II drivers for Commodore's A2065 (Ethernet)
		and A2060 (ARCNET) boards, docs and includes, and some exam-
		ples.  Release version 1.4, update to version on disk number
		673.
		Author:  Commodore-Amiga Networking Group

VPortPatch 	A very small 2.04-only utility that patches the graphics.lib-
		rary function MakeVPort() in such a way to avoid an annoying
		bug that keeps multipalette pictures from being correctly
		scrolled (multipalette pictures contain the new PCHG chunk
		which specifies line-by-line palette changes; hundreds of
		colors can be displayed even in hi-res with multitasking and
		full system compatibility).  Includes source.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

CONTENTS OF DISK 0780
---------------------

ABackup		A powerful backup utility, that may be used both for hard
		disk backup and for file archiving.  Has a full Intuition
		interface, a "batch" mode, can save/load file selection,
		handle HD floppies, etc...  This is a *MAJOR* update, with
		support for XPK library, child task for disk write, error
		recovering when writing to a disk and more.  Include both
		French and English versions.  This is version 2.00, an
		update from version 1.60 on disk 759.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle.

MEM		A little memory game where the object is to remember the face
		of a "thief" you are shown for a variable length of time
		depending on the level.  You are then presented with a screen
		in which you have to "recreate" the face using various select-
		ions for eyes, eyebrows, nose and mouth.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Jason Truong

NickPrefs	An enhancement to IPrefs that manages three new preferences,
		WBPicture allows you to display any IFF picture in the main
		Workbench window, supplanting the original (and boring ;-))
		WBPattern.  BusyPointer lets you edit the clock pointer used
		by programs when they are busy.  You may create an animated
		pointer.  Floppy provides the ability to mess with the public
		fields of trackdisk, that is, the TDPF_NOCLICK flag, step
		delay and the like.  Requires OS2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Nicola Salmoria

RachelRaccoon	A set of hand-drawn "Eric-Schwartz-animation-style" pictures
		of a new cartoon character.  The pictures are overscanned hi-
		res-interlace (704x480) and are provided in 16-color, 8-color,
		and 4-color flavors so you can use them for Workbench backdrop
		pictures.  The colors are arranged so that at least on Work-
		bench 2.x you will have standard looking titlebars.
		Author:  Leslie Dietz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0781
---------------------

PowerSnap	A utility that allows you to use the mouse to mark characters
		anywhere on the screen, and then paste them somewhere else,
		such as in another CLI or in a string gadget.  Checks what
		font is used in the window you snap from and will look for
		the position of the characters automatically.  Recognizes all
		non-proportional fonts of up to 24 pixels wide and of any
		height.  Works with AmigaDOS 2.0 in both shell and WorkBench
		environments.  This is version 2.1b, an update to version 2.0
		on disk 726.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

TKEd		TKEd is a very comfortable Intuition-based ASCII editor with
		an english and german user-interface.  It can read texts packed
		with PowerPacker, has user-definable menus, a comfortable AREXX
		interface with 109 commands, an interface to some errortools
		for programmers, macros, undo, wordwrap, supports foldings,
		has an online help mode, and many other features.  TKEd is re-
		entrant and can be made resident.  It's Kickstart 1.3/2.04
		compatible, supports the new ECS-screenmodes, an application
		window and checks itself for linkviruses.  Version 1.11, an
		update to version 1.05 on disk 689.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

TWA		A commodity that  remembers the last active window on any
		screen.  If screens are shuffled, the window is automatically
		re-activated, when that screen is brought to front.  Version
		1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Scheler

WBVerlauf	Allows the owners of AGA machines to create a nice Copper
		background for a selectable color, using the whole 16 million
		color range of the AGA chips.  By specifying the color of the
		first and the last line of the screen, WBVerlauf will make a
		smooth color change by setting a new color value on every
		scanline.  Requires Kickstart 3.0.  Version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  Christian A. Weber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0782
---------------------

DFA		NOT just another address utility.  DFA(ddress) features email
		support, dialing, different types of printing addresses, full
		commodity support, application icon, Arexx port, font sensitive
		windows and can be fully directed by the keyboard.  This is
		version 1.1.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Federlein

TwilightZone	A modular screen blanker with a user-friendly control panel.
		Provides: Selection of blanker module from an expandable list
		of modules; A "blank-now" feature by moving the mouse pointer
		into a corner of the screen; A "blank-never" option by moving
		the mouse pointer into a corner of the screen; Adjustable
		timeout, and selectable wakeup events.  Version 1.1/2.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Rainer Koppler

ValCon		Converts a value from one number notation system to another.
		Currently the decimal, hexadecimal, binary and octal systems
		are supported.  Version 1.10, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

Yak		"Yet Another Kommodity".  Features a sunmouse that only acti-
		vates when mouse stops, KeyActivate windows, Click windows
		to front or back, Cycle screens with mouse, Mouse and Screen
		blanking, Close/Zip/Shrink/Enlarge windows with programmable
		hotkeys, Activate Workbench by hotkey (to get at menus when
		WB obscured), Pop up a palette on front screen, Insert date
		(in various formats), KeyClick with adjustable volume, Pop-
		Command key for starting a command (like PopCLI), Gadtools
		interface.  All settings accessible from Workbench tooltypes.
		Version 1.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk number 753, has
		some new features and several bug fixes.  Includes source.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

CONTENTS OF DISK 0783
---------------------

APipe		An "Amiga pipe" device.  If opened for read, it will run the
		file name as an Amiga CLI command, with the output going to
		the opening process.  If opened for output, it will run the
		file name as an Amiga CLI command, with output to the opened
		file sent to the command as input.  Version 37.4, an update
		to version 37.2 on disk number 601.
		Author:  Per Bojsen

DiskInfo	A program like the AmigaDOS 'Info' command, but it gives more
		extensive information on the disk (volume) and/or on the device
		requested.  Version 1.00, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

Hackdisk	A complete replacement for trackdisk.device minus support for
		5.25 inch and 150RPM floppies.  It offers a verify option and
		is faster than trackdisk 2.0.  Hackdisk is supplied as a Rom-
		Tag module and may be RamKick'ed or placed directly in the
		Kickstart ROM.  Free for non-commercial use, assembly source
		included.  This is version 1.12, an update to version 1.10 on
		disk number 697.
		Author:  Dan Babcock

KingFisher	A specialized database tool providing maintenance and search
		capabilities for the descriptions of disks in the format used
		by this library.  KingFisher's database can span multiple
		(floppy) disk volumes, can be edited by text editors that
		support long text lines, can add disks directly from unedited
		email or usenet announcements, can remove disks, rebuild a
		damaged index, find next or previous software versions, print
		or export (parts of) the database, and more.  Includes a data-
		base of disks 1-770.  This is version 1.11.  Binary only.
		Author:  Udo Schuermann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0784
---------------------

BindNames	A solution to the problem of having to continually edit
		your startup-sequence to add assignments for logical variables
		when you add a new program.  BindNames will read one or more
		files in a special directory and then create all the logical
		assignments at once and it can figure out dependencies, so it
		doesn't matter how you order the entries in the file(s).  It
		will create directories that it can't find, such as RAM:Env
		and RAM:T and will generate warnings for assignments that it
		can't resolve.  Version 1.0, includes source, public domain.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

DirKing		A very powerful replacement for the AmigaDOS 'List' and 'Dir'
		commands.  It gives full control on the format of the directory
		listing and what information should be printed.  The directory
		can be sorted on any field, or on several fields in the order
		you want.  Supports many filters, such as name and date, and
		the filters can be made effective on files only, directories
		only or on both.  You can also define a pattern for each level
		of the directory tree.  Has an LFORMAT option which is useful
		for generating scripts.  A unique feature is the ability to
		monitor the scanning process.  English version supplied,
		German, French and Dutch versions available from the author.
		Version 2.10, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

Lyapunovia	A mindboggingly colorful program that makes pictures from a
		simple mathematical formula.  (And it's NOT Mandelbrot!)
		Lyapunovia pictures vary from colorful candy to mean metal
		(or something), offering you everything you ever wanted in
		visual representation of abstract nothings...  This freely
		redistributable version of Lyapunovia has been thoroughly
		tested to work on all Amigas.  Special registered versions
		with precision-extension, optimized for bigger CPUs, and
		support of WB 2.0/2.1 and WB 3.0 displaymodes (all 256 colors)
		are available.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jesper Juul

CONTENTS OF DISK 0785
---------------------

FileStorage	Small demo of a file librarian, a database for files.  The
		database exists as a number of index files and disks where
		FileStorage puts your collection of files.  FileStorage
		'remembers' how many free bytes each storage disk has and
		tries to fill the disks to the maximum.  For each file you
		can add a 320 character long description and set 16 different
		(user definable)  filetypes.   Searching / adding / deleting /
		changing it's all there!  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Joep Grooten

RomCon		Converts a decimal value into a value represented by roman
		numbers.  You can convert from decimal to roman or from roman
		to decimal.  E.g. '1992' equals 'MCMXCII'.  Version 1.10,
		freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

ScrnTst		A program to reveal small irregularities in the beam sweep of
		computer monitors.  Uses the MOIRE effect to render such
		defects more readily observable.  A short program which should
		be compatible with OS 1.3 as well as releae 2.0. Version 2.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  William Barish

SeePix		Based on Olaf Barthel's "LoadImage v1.11".  SeePix is an IFF
		viewer/printer, featuring the ability to modify the colors of
		a pic for printing, allowing for truer colors in the printout
		(i.e. Blue prints Blue, not Purple), without modifying the pic
		itself.  SeePix features an ARP interface, Iconization and the
		PathMaster File Selector.  Manx AZTEC "C" Source included.
		Author:  Hank Schafer

Showgerb	A Gerber display program.  Gerber plotfiles are generated by
		several CAD packages.  This program will display them on an
		Amiga using 1.3 and probably 2.xx and 3.xx.  Source is not
		included but can be requested from the Author.  Includes
		several sample plotfiles.  Version 1.00, binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Paul Gill

Timing		A program to clock the time between two events.  You can use
		several names, enabling the timing of different events.  Useful
		mainly in scripts though other uses are possible.  Timing can
		give the elapsed time in ticks, seconds or in the normal hh:mm:
		ss format.  Version 1.21, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

UCD		A utility for changing the current directory.  It scans a disk
		and builds a file containing information about the directory
		structure that makes it possible for UCD to change directory
		to any directory in the scanned volume by simply naming the
		directory without pathname information.  UCD can keep track
		of the directory structure of multiple volumes.  Now supports
		wildcards.  Version 1.15, an update to version 1.0 on disk 734.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Uffe Holst Christiansen

YAPS		"Yet Another Public Screen Manager".  Using YAPS, you can open
		Public Screens in ALL(!) Amiga-DisplayModes, even in the new
		A4000/A1200 Modes.  Requires OS 2.04 (V37+), works even under
		OS 3.0 (V39+).  Binary only.
		Author:  Karlheinz Klingbeil (CEKASOFT)

CONTENTS OF DISK 0786
---------------------

Hyper		Will lead you through documents that are written to be used
		with the legendary `Am*gaGu*de' from Commodore.  An ARexx port
		gives access to it from other applications.  Requires OS 2.x.
		Version 1.15a, an update to version 1.00 on disk number 739.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

IconAuthorDemo	A replacement for IconEdit2.0.  It can transform IFF images or
		brushes into resized 2-BitPlane brushes or icon files that
		match the WorkBench2.0 colors.  Online help is available via
		`Hyper'.  Demo version limited to processing provided demo
		image only.  Requires OS 2.x.  Version 1.06, an update to
		version 1.00 on disk number 739.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

Macro		A small utility that records a sequence of keypresses that can
		be recalled at any time.  Handy for "on the fly" recording
		because of its simplicity.  (Doesn't need a window, doesn't
		use the functions keys, so it won't interfere with other uses
		of them, etc.)  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Piero Filippin

RSM		An ARexx compatible serial port manager.  Run your serial port
		from other programs!  Version 1.42, C source included.
		Author:  Ron M. Battle

VirusZ		A virus detector that recognizes over 500 bootblocks (196 boot
		viruses) and over 70 file viruses.  The filechecker can also
		decrunch files for testing.  The memory checker removes  all
		known viruses from memory without 'Guru  Meditation' and
		checks memory for viruses regularly.  VirusZ has easy to use
		intuitionized menus including keycuts for both beginners and
		experienced users.  The totally new bootblock lab offers all
		important bootblock operations on one screen.  VirusZ performs
		a self-test on every startup to prevent link virus infection.
		Written entirely in assembly language and operates with Kick-
		start 1.2/1.3, OS 2.0 and OS 3.0.  Version 2.27, binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Georg Hvrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0787
---------------------

AppISizer	An AppIcon utility to size disks, directories or files.  Gives
		the size in bytes, blocks and the total occupied.  Requires
		KickStart 37.175 or higher.  French and English documentation.
		Version 0.20, binary only.
		Author:  Girard Cornu.

GetSC		Gets the colourmap of a single specified or all available
		screens.  The colour values are given in hexadecimal format.
		GetSC is also the perfect tool to compile a collection of
		colourmaps for use by the SetSC program.  Version 2.00,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

MakeInfo	A modified GNU makeinfo that allows you to easily create a
		AmigaGuide(R) hypertext file from a TexInfo .tex file.
		in addition to the usual plain ASCII file and a TeX .dvi
		files.  This version fixes two nasty bugs: makeinfo working
		on 68030 machines only, and amiga.tex not handling correctly
		all foreign characters.  Version 1.49b, includes source.
		Author: FSF, amiga enhancements by Reinhard Spisser
			and Sebastiano Vigna

RIVer		Many programs contain in their binary code an embedded version
		ID, which is used by the AmigaDOS command 'Version'.  RIVer is
		not a replacement for this command, but rather an extension.
		RIVer enables you to add this embedded version ID as a comment,
		or to print it in a table where each field of the ID is clear-
		ly printed.  Version 2.00, freeware, binary only.
		Author: Chris Vandierendonck

Scale		Plays 1-4 simultaneous musical scales on the Amiga's 4 sound
		channels, using Rob Peck's AudioTools package.  Six octave
		range, ascending/descending, multiple steps, several different
		speeds of playing simultaneous scales, overall tempo control-
		ler.  Intuition interface.  Includes source.
		Author:  Dick Taylor

SetSC		Allows you to change or remap the colours of a screen.  SetSC
		gets the colourmap from a file by using the map's name, from
		the Workbench screen or directly from the command line. SetSC
		is very useful in scripts, where you can change the screen
		colours one or more times during script execution.  Version
		2.10, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

Spartan		The sources to the Spartan PD scsi interface driver for Amiga
		500 and Amiga 1000 originally by Paul Harker.  This is an
		enhanced version that includes a major bugfix and * SCSI-Direct
		support.  Versions 34.3 (generic) and 34.4 (true SCSI).
		Author:  Several, see documentation

Viewtek		A feature packed  Picture/Animation Viewer.  Shows most ILBM's
		(including 24-bit ILBM's), most Compuserve GIF format images,
		most JFIF format JPEG images and most ANIM Op-5 format ani-
		mations, with support for different palettes for each frame.
		Supports SHAM, CTBL, and PCHG images, full support of ECS/AGA
		display modes (ie. show 256 color GIF's directly, show 800x600
		HAM animations, etc.).  Supports viewing contents of clipboard.
		Iconifies to a Workbench AppIcon.  Includes a version written
		for GVP's Impact Vision 24, to support true 24-bit display.
		Version 1.02, requires Workbench 2.04+, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Krehbiel

Yacht		The famous 5 dice game revised for the Amiga features contin-
		ually updated onscreen scorepad which displays all possible
		scores after each roll.  Another feature is the player con-
		trolled dice roll - hit the STOP ROLL gadget when you feel
		lucky!  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Gallagher

CONTENTS OF DISK 0788
---------------------

Cheats		Have an old game that you got frustrated with and put away?
		Get hopelessly lost in an adventure game maze?  Get to level
		218 of your favorite game when your cocker spaniel mistook
		your scrap of paper listing entry level codes for his favorite
		sock?  Well there might be something in this huge list of game
		solutions, hints and tips that you can use!
		Author:  Many! see individual listings.

MatchPlay	A small CLI program that enables experimenting with AmigaDOS
		pattern matching.  It's the best way to learn how to use and
		interpret those patterns.  You give a pattern and a string as
		arguments and the program determines if the pattern would have
		matched the string.  Requires OS2.x, version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

MouseAideDEMO	A DEMO version of a "Mouse" utility which has all the standard
		functions: Mouse Acceleration with threshold, window and screen
		manipulation by mouse and keyboard, mouse and screen blanking,
		SUN (auto-activation) mouse, user definable "hot key" command,
		Keyboard "String" macros, etc...  But also has functions other
		"Mouse" programs do NOT, such as: Shell-Cycling, Key Clicking,
		KeyClosing, Multi-Icon-Select with Mouse, Middle Mouse Button
		Windowing, EZ-Date generation, Mouse Port switching, Workbench
		to the front function, Freezing Mouse & Keyboard of all input,
		etc...  Now more 2.0x friendly then older versions, including
		the ability to fuction correctly in 'Super-HiRes' screen mode!
		Written in 100% assembly language for efficiency in size and
		CPU usage.  Version v7.12a, an update to version v5.02a on disk
		711, Shareware, Binary only.
		Author:  Thomas J. Czarnecki

NPD		A little utility to convert NoisePacker 2.xx modules to Pro-
		Tracker format.  Works on 1.3/2.0/3.0.  Version 2.40, binary
		only.
		Author:  Nils Corneliusen
		
NTSC&PAL	Two small command line utilities to switch back and forth be-
		tween NTSC and PAL display modes.  Should work on any machine
		with a "Fatter Agnus" or better.  Binary only.
		Author:  Paul O'Flynn

QC		A small CLI command that returns information about the current
		shell.  Such as: the shell/cli process number, the prompt used,
		the current directory, the default stack size, the current
		FAILAT level, the DOS error that occurred with the last command
		run, the return code of the last command, and more.  Version
		1.10, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

CONTENTS OF DISK 0789
---------------------

MakeDMake	An automated DMake file generator.  You give it the names of
		all the C-files used to produce your executable (except
		#include'd .c or .h files), and it will automatically scan
		them to find all dependencies, and produce a ready to use
		(in many cases) DMakeFile calling DCC with options you will
		need for normal compilation and linking.  Version 0.15,
		includes source.
		Author:  Piotr Obminski, from original code by Tim McGrath

PongoDemo	Demo version of PONGO 1.1, a 3D dynamic modeling program that
		loads, animates and transforms 3D objects in many different
		ways.  This demo version only supports the IFF ANIM5 file
		format for animations, with the "Save Imagine object" feature
		disabled.  Supports the following types of morphing: Transcale,
		Taper, Shear, Rotate, Twist, Bend, Waves, Radial Bend and
		Metamorph.  All transformations may be combined (i.e.  you
		might both Twist and Shear an object at the same time).
		Requires 1 MB ram, and a PAL Amiga (does NOT run on NTSC
		computers).
		Author:  Guido Quaroni, submitted by AMIGABYTE

QMouse		An unusually small and feature-packed "mouse utility".  Was
		inspired by, but not derived from, the original QMouse by
		Lyman Epp.  Features include automatic window activation
		(like WindX), top-line blanking for A3000/A2320 users, system-
		friendly mouse blanking, mouse acceleration/threshold, "Pop-
		CLI", click-to-front/back, "SunMouse", "NoClick", "WildStar",
		Northgate key remapping, and more.  Requires Kickstart 2.0,
		but is not a commodity.  Only 3K.  Version 2.21, an update to
		version 2.20 on disk 731.  Public domain, assembly source
		included.
		Author:  Dan Babcock

CONTENTS OF DISK 0790
---------------------

UChess		A powerful version of the program GnuChess version 4 for the
		Amiga.  Plays a very strong game of chess.  Code has been re-
		written and data structures re-organized for optimal efficiency
		on 32 bit 68020 and better Amiga systems.  Fully multitasking,
		automatically detects and supports 640X480X256 color AGA mode
		machines, and does not at any time BUSY wait.  Requires a 68020
		/030/040 based Amiga computer system with AmigaOS 2.04 or later
		and 4 Meg of ram minimum.  Special "L" version optimized for
		68040 and requires 10 Meg of ram minimum.  Supports a variety
		of standard features such as load, save, edit board, autoplay,
		swap sides, force move, undo, time limits, hints, show think-
		ing, and a supervisor mode that will allow two humans to play
		with the computer acting as a "supervisor".  Version 2.04,
		includes source.
		Author:  FSF, Amiga Port by Roger Uzun

CONTENTS OF DISK 0791
---------------------

HSV		A small color palette utility that contains both RGB and HSV
		sliders for adjusting your screens colors.  If the screen has
		4 bitplanes or less, you can also save the palette to 'ENVARC:
		palette.prefs'.  Requires AmigaOS2.xx, version 0.99, includes
		source.
		Author:  Frank Ederveen

RADBack		A shareware utility that can make a backup of a RAD disk to a
		normal 880K Amiga disk, regardless of its length - bigger RADs
		are saved on more disks.  Can be started from the Workbench as
		well as from CLI.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Sandi Tomsic

Replex		REPLace EXecutable. This handy patch substitutes program names
		that are about to be executed, e.g. if an icon default tool
		specifies ":c/MuchMore" and you prefer to use "c:TextRead",
		you can have it defined as such, so you never have to change
		the icon.  Intuition interface allows up to 8 such definitions.
		Compatible with all known OS versions.  This is version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

ScsiTape	A Scsi-Direct tape handler that implements fully asynchronous
		double-buffered read and write operations.  If you have disk /
		tape drives which support reselection then the handler will be
		able to operate on the tape concurrently with disk accesses
		meaning that an archiver such as Tar will not 'freeze' while
		tape operations are in progress.  Includes source.
		Author:  Matthew Dillon

SKsh		A Unix ksh like shell for the Amiga.  Some of its features
		include command substitution, shell functions, aliases, local
		variables, emacs and vi style editing, I/O redirection, pipes,
		Unix wildcards, a large variety of commands, and coexistence
		with scripts from other shells.  Well documented.  Version 2.1,
		an update to version 2.0 on disk 672.  New features in version
		2.1 include true piping between internal and external commands,
		background functions, aliases, and other shell constructs,
		enforcer clean, several new commands, cross filesystem file
		and directory moves, and more.  Binary only.  Requires Amiga
		Dos 2.04.
		Author:  Steve Koren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0792
---------------------

AmigaBase	A hierachical, programmable, in-core database.  Features
		include two display methods, filter datasets, search datasets,
		print datasets, and many more.  Nearly everything can be real-
		ized by programming AmigaBase.  Datatypes can be Integer, Real,
		Boolean, String, Memo (Text), Date and Time.  Number of data-
		sets is only limited by available memory.  Lacking documenta-
		tion, (available with shareware submission) but full Intuition
		interface make many operations quite obvious.  Also includes
		some example projects.  Runs under OS 1.3 and 2.0, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Steffen Gutmann

DragIt		Allows you to move or size a window without having to use the
		drag bar or sizing gadget.  Press on  the configurable quali-
		fier, while holding it, press  your selected  mouse button,
		and move the mouse.  You'll  see the  window  border appear,
		and  you'll be able to drag or size it.  Requires OS 2.0,
		supports localization with locale.library and the new style
		2.1 (or 3.0) preference.  Version 2.01, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Lemieux

ModHPLJD	A Rexx program that creates a modified version of the HP_Laser
		Jet driver.  The modification changes the 'initialize' string
		so that the font chosen from the printer menu (rather than
		12pt Courier) can be used and the number of lines per inch can
		be specified.  Version 1.01.
		Author:  Michael Tanzer

TClass		An "Intelligent" file identifier.  Has the ability to "learn"
		new types of files by simply scanning groups of known types of
		files, and checking the first 20 bytes for similiarities.  It
		then reports on the matching accuracy and adds a "definition"
		for the filetype to a brain file.  Version 2.9, binary only.
		Author:  Sam Hulick

WBPat		Creates random 3D patterns for your 2.04 WorkBench windows.
		A pattern can be shifted or changed, tested, used and saved.
		Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

CONTENTS OF DISK 0793
---------------------

DateCheck	A Rexx program that validates the system date by comparing it
		to the date stored when DateCheck was last executed.  If the
		system date is earlier or too much later than the stored date,
		the user is notified by a requester.  Version 1.01.
		Author:  Michael Tanzer

ReflexFinal	A game which tests your addition, subtraction, division, mul-
		tiplication, percentage, and algebra skills.  The goal is to
		answer several math questions in the shortest possible time.
		A continuation to "ReflexTest" on disk number 751.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Jason Lowe

Snap		A tool for clipping text or graphics from the screen, using
		the clipboard device.  Snap finds out character coordinates
		automatically, handles different fonts, keymaps, accented
		characters, and more.  Version 1.63, contains a small bug fix
		to version 1.62 on disk number 524.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mikael Karlsson

SOUNDEffect	Sound sample editing program.  Special features include:
		temporary buffers, frequency and amplitude modulation (tremolo
		and vibrato), echo, special reverb effect, chorus effect,
		mixer, free hand editing, low and high pass filter, compresser,
		expander, limiter, distortion and all usual functions (copy,
		paste, insert, cut, looping, zooming etc.).  Version 1.30,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Sven B|hling

CONTENTS OF DISK 0794
---------------------

MCAnim		A special animplayer. Plays LORES 4-plane ANIM5 anims in a
		HIRES-LACE screen.  The result is a FULLspeed, small (1/4)
		animation with a high resolution.  The anim can be placed
		anywhere on the screen.  One of nine copperlists can be added
		in one register without loss of speed. Version 0.8, binary
		only.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

ReqTools	A standard Amiga shared runtime library which makes it a lot
		quicker and easier to build standard requesters into your pro-
		grams.  Designed with CBM's style guidelines in mind, so that
		the resulting requesters have the look and feel of AmigaDOS
		2.0.  Version 2.1a, lots of enhancements since release 1.0d on
		disk 623.  Includes a demo and glue/demo sources.
		Author:  Nico Francois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0795
---------------------

PSTools		Part 1 of a two part distribution of DVIPS ported from a Unix
		environment.  DVIPS is a program that takes TeX .DVI files and
		converts them to PostScript files.  If you don't have access to
		a PostScript printer, you can still take advantage of the vast
		amount of useful documentation in TeX .dvi or PostScript .ps
		format using the incredibly excellent POST program from FF669.
		This portion of the distribution contains the DVIPS binary,
		source and config files; DVIPS documentation; the Adobe Font
		Metric Files, TeX vf font files and LaTeX files.  Part 2 of the
		distribution can be found on disk number 796.  Includes DICE
		C-source.
		Author:  Originally from DECUS, Amiga port by Jonathan Hudson

UnDelete	Restores deleted files and (empty) directories with a fast
		deleted-file-find routine.  It is often as fast as "delete".
		Works on all OFS and FFS disk devices, but from Shell only.
		Version 1.02, binary only.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

CONTENTS OF DISK 0796
---------------------

PSTools		Part 2 of a two part distribution of DVIPS ported from a Unix
		environment.  DVIPS is a program that takes TeX .DVI files and
		converts them to PostScript files.  If you don't have access to
		a PostScript printer, you can still take advantage of the vast
		amount of useful documentation in TeX .dvi or PostScript .ps
		format using the incredibly excellent POST program from FF669.
		This portion of the distribution contains the TeX pk font files
		and the TeX tfm font files.  Part 1 of the distribution can be
		found on disk number 795.
		Author:  Originally from DECUS, Amiga port by Jonathan Hudson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0797
---------------------

A2ps		Another "oldie but goodie" I found poking around the net.  This
		seemed like an appropriate place to put it.  A2Ps formats an
		ascii file for printing on a postscript printer, adds borders,
		headers etc.  Lots of command line options.  Includes source.
		Author:  Miguel Santana, amiga port by Daniel Barrett

BBBF		The Bootblock.library/brainfile is an attempt to make life a
		little bit easier for programmers of anti-virus utilities,
		diskcopy programs, directory utilities, disk packers and for
		whoever who wants to check the bootblock of some device
		The library has some easy-to-use functions to read the brain-
		file, and to check a bootblock with it.  Version 0.95 beta,
		brainfile recognizes 158 different viruses.  Includes sample
		source.
		Author:  Johan Eliasson, SHI member.

BIGMec		A shareware utility that displays the current available amount
		of memory, the memory available when BIGMec was started and the
		difference between those.  The amounts can be displayed in HEX/
		DEC and BYTE/KILO/MEGA.  BIGMec can be started from Workbench
		as well as from CLI.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Sandi Tomsic

DVI2LJ		A cli utility to convert TeX .DVI files into HP PCL files
		suitable for printing on the HP Laser Jet series printers.
		Author:  Gustaf Neumann, amiga port by Daniel Barrett

HP3ps		An intuitionized utility for changing modes on a Pacific Page
		Postscript Emulation cartridge.  Allows you to select HP-PCL
		or POSTSCRIPT mode by simply clicking on a gadget.  Version
		92.02.09, binary only.
		Author:  Scott Dhomas Trenn

PSUtils		Some cli utilities for the manipulation of PostScript files.
		Includes: psbook - rearranges pages into signatures; psnup -
		uses pstops to merge multiple pages per sheet; psselect -
		selects pages and page ranges; pstops - performs general page
		rearrangement and selection; and epsffit - fits an EPSF file
		to a given bounding box.  Includes source.
		Author:  Angus Duggan, amiga port by Jonathan Hudson

Spots		A useless but pretty 24-bit-RGB and HAM spot-paint-program.
		Handles scripts to render animations. It needs arp.library or
		WorkBench 2.0.  Check out the examples to see if you like the
		effect.  Version 1.10, binary only.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

CONTENTS OF DISK 0798
---------------------

AddressitDEMO	Demo version of a very powerful small business and personal
		mail manager that includes many extras.  You can define up to
		15 flags, export data to ProWrite and Wordperfect, and print
		rosters, mailing lists, labels, envelopes plus a whole lot
		more.  Works with 1.2/1.3 and 2.0.
		Author:  Legendary Design Technologies Inc.

ASwarmII	A "high security" Screenblanker commodity (will not burn-in
		the phosphor even when the CPU is really busy).  Based loosely
		upon Jeff Buterworth's "xswarm" for X11 Windowing System, it
		shows from 1-10 "wasps" beeing chased by 1-500 "bees".  Screen
		will blank entirely under periods of high CPU usage.  Requires
		Amiga OS 2.04 or better, version 1.3, includes source.
		Author:  Markus Illenseer

If2.0		A CLI/Shell command, which decides whether your Amiga is run-
		ning OS v2.x or OS v1.x - and then executes a corresponding
		command line/argument.  Especially useful for zKick-using
		Amigas.  Version 1.2, includes C-Source.
		Author:  Thomas Arnfeldt

LockIt		A simple commodity to protect files or drawers from any access.
		Uses a WorkBench AppIcon and allows selection of files via ASL-
		Requester.  Requires OS2.0.  Version 2.1, binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Linnemann

NewMode		A tool for changing the screenmode of any screen by manipula-
		ting the OpenScreen pointer.  Includes new "ModeNames" file
		for the screenmodes (like HAM...).  Requires OS2.0.  Version
		1.1. Binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Linnemann

Prism		An ANSI editor that allows animations and complete colour con-
		trol.  It is used on many BBS's to create animated screens.
		Includes a configuration editor, font control, and variable
		playback speed.  New features include automatic line and box
		drawing, and a special "Quick Pick" option for accessing
		extend characters codes.  Version 1.5, an update to version
		1.4 on disk number 581.  Binary only.
		Authors:  Syd Bolton, Chris Timmerberg, and Colin Vernon.

Run68017	Provides run time emulation of about 30 of the 68020 instruc-
		tions with a 68000.  Only the emulated instructions can use the
		new 68020 addressing modes.  Uses a gagdet to enable/disable
		emulation.  An upgrade from Run68013 on disk number 756.
		Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

Split		The opposite of the AmigaDos JOIN command.  Use it to split
		textfiles that are too large to edit on your computer, files
		for email-delivery that have a file size maximum... etc.
		The created files have the same name as the original except
		with an extension of two digits.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jonas Svensson

StripANSI	Removes all ANSI codes from a text file so that only the bare
		text remains.  It is useful for editing terminal program cap-
		ture buffers.  Two versions are provided: one for the command
		line (CLI) and one with a full Intuition interface.  You can
		selectively strip certain codes, and generate a report.  New
		features include more codes, better help, and tab expansion.
		Version 1.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk number 581,
		Includes source in 'C'.
		Author:  Syd L. Bolton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0799
---------------------

AII		"Archiving Intuition Interface" allows you to access many
		features of the LHa archiver via the WorkBench.  Requires
		reqtools.library.  Version 1.03, first release.  Requires
		KickStart 2.0 or higher.  ShareWare, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Mclachlan.

HackLite	An evolved version of the public domain game Hack, written by
		Jay Fenlason, Andries Brouwer, Don Kneller and various others.
		Hack Lite is a dungeon adventure game in the style of Rogue,
		Hack, Moria, etc.  It uses a customizable graphical dungeon
		display.  The package includes a simple-to-use installation
		program, and a "Preferences"-style configuration editor.  Many
		new objects, traps, monsters and ways to die have been added.
		Saved games are now much smaller, and a "Tournament mode"
		allows several players to compete for the highest score playing
		in identical dungeons.  Utilities included with Hack Lite were
		written by Jim Cooper and Doug Walker.
		Author:  Alan Beale

CONTENTS OF DISK 0800
---------------------

ColorSaver	A "pop-up-anywhere" (almost!) color palette commodity with
		several features I could not find in other palette tools.
		Features include:  Load/Save color palettes; Sliders select-
		able between RGB/HSV; Copy, Swap, Range Functions; Complement
		selected color; Left/right shifting of the entire palette;
		Ability to permanently alter (patch) the color tables of execu-
		tables with a statically allocated color table.  Requires
		OS2.04 or greater.  Version 0.84 (alpha release), includes
		source.
		Author:  Dan Fish

DocDump		A print utility that puts 4 pages of text on one sheet of
		paper, including page-headers.  Beside the normal Dump mode,
		a double-sided Booklet mode is also available.  DocDump uses
		its own printer drivers, making one yourself is easy.
		Version 3.6, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Robert Grob

Enforcer	A tool to monitor illegal memory access for 68020/68851, 68030,
		and 68040 CPUs.  This is a completely new Enforcer from the
		original idea by Bryce Nesbitt.  It contains many new and
		wonderful features and options and no longer contains any
		exceptions for specific software.  Enforcer can now also be
		used with CPU or SetCPU FASTROM or most any other MMU-Kick-
		start-Mapping tool.  Major new output options such as local
		output, stdout, and parallel port.  Highly optimized to be as
		fast as possible.  This is version 37.28, an update to version
		37.26 on disk number 773.  Requires V37 of the OS or better
		and an MMU.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

IffBoot		Inspired from BOOTLOGO by Markus Illenseer, allows you to show
		any IFF file during bootup that will exit when the WB appears.
		Version 1.0, requires OS 2.04 or greater, binary only, includes
		some sample pictures.
		Author:  Colin Bell, some IFF pics by Justin Trevena

Least		A small, handsome, text displayer that only supports those
		functions most frequently used.  String searching is performed
		with the very fast Boyer-Moore algorithm.  Also checks itself
		for link viruses.  Runs from both WorkBench and CLI.  Separate
		version - LeastP - also deals with powerpacked files. Has
		been tested under both Kickstart 1.3 and 2.0.  Version 0.04,
		binary only.
		Author:  Thorsten Koschinski

Moontool	A port of John Walker's moontool program for UNIX. It gives a
		variety of statistics about the moon, including phase, dist-
		ance, angular, size and time to next full moon.  A schematic
		of the current phase is also shown as a picture.  This is
		illustrative only; the accurate phase is shown in the text.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  John Walker, Amiga port by Eric G. Suchanek

MungWall	Munges memory and watches for illegal FreeMem's.  Especially
		useful in combination with Enforcer.  Output can go to either
		the serial or parallel port.  Includes a new MungList program
		that examines used memory areas for MungWall tag info, and
		outputs a list of who owns the various pieces of allocated
		memory, their sizes, etc.  Can even identify the owner of the
		memory by task name.  This is version 37.58, an update to
		version 37.54 on disk 707.  Binary only.
		Author:  Commodore Amiga; submitted by Carolyn Scheppner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0801
---------------------

Convert		A program that provides the means to easily convert numer-
		ical values between international, Imperial and US systems
		of measurement.  It does this in twelve fields of measure-
		ment, including area, capacity, density, energy, fuel con-
		sumption, length, power, pressure, speed (velocity), temp-
		erature, volume and weight.  It has a flexible, easy to use
		GUI and works under OS 1.3 and 2.xx.  The registered version
		also has an ARexx port.  Version 2.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Fuller

CyberCron	A cron utility for AmigaDOS 2.0.  Uses the new, more flexible,
		AmigaDOS 2.0 technique for running programs.  Offers an ex-
		tended set of options that may be specified for any given
		event.  Version 1.5, an update to version 1.3 on disk 682,
		and includes various bug fixes, code tweaks, four new ARexx
		commands, documentation in AmigaGuide format, and more.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

CyberX10	A program that can be used to control the CP290 home computer
		interface for use with the X10 home automation system.  It
		requires KickStart 2.04+ and supports localization under Work-
		Bench 2.1+.  Includes documentation in AmigaGuide format.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Christopher Wichura

Luna		A small program that will display the time and date of the
		phases of the moon for a month in any year from 1900 to 3000
		AD.  If a lunar eclipse occurs in that month, its time and
		date will also be displayed.  It has an easy to use GUI and
		works under OS 1.3 and 2.xx.  Version 1.0, freeware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Mike Fuller

PowerData	Patches AmigaDOS, enabling all programs to read and write
		files packed with PowerPacker in way that is completely trans-
		parent to themselves and the system. Programs will read power-
		packed datafiles directly, and will also magically start com-
		pressing their own datafiles, as they create or update them.
		This is version 38.105, the official successor of another pro-
		gram by this author, Powerpacker Patcher.  Partially localized
		for use with Workbench 2.1.  Requires Workbench 2.04+.  Share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Berg

TWC		Two Way Chat & Send enables you to make use of your modem's
		full duplex feature.  With TWC you can connect to another
		Amiga running TWC, then you may transmit files AND chat at
		the same time, in both directions.  GUI-driven, needs Kick-
		Start 2.04 or higher.  Version 2.03, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Lutz Vieweg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0802
---------------------

AppISizer	An AppIcon utility to get the size of disks, directories or
		files.  Gives the size in bytes, blocks and the actual size
		occupied. Requires KickStart 37.175 or higher. Version 0.41,
		an update to version 0.20 on disk 787.  Binary only.
		Author:  Girard Cornu.
            
FastLife	A fast life program featuring an Intuition interface, 33 gen-
		erations/second on Amiga 3000/25, 19 generations/second on
		Amiga 2000/500/1000, and 200+ patterns in text file format.
		Runs with Kickstart 2.04 and later, and uses the ReqTools re-
		quester package (included).  An update to version 1.1 on disk
		608.  Changes include support for all screen modes, screens as
		large as memory allows, run for a specified number of gener-
		ations, stop at a specific generation, CLI and ToolTypes sup-
		port for file name filter and "ON" character within Picture
		files.  Version 2.2, binary only.
		Author:  Ron Charlton

Fd2AsmInc	This little program creates assembler include files from ".fd"
		files (I.E. the original Commodore .fd-files).  There are sev-
		eral ways to format the output file.  Version 1.0a, OS 2.xx
		only, freeware, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Hanns Holger Rutz

QMouse		An unusually small and feature-packed "mouse utility".  Was
		inspired by, but not derived from, the original QMouse by
		Lyman Epp.  Features include automatic window activation
		(like WindX), top-line blanking for A3000/A2320 users, system-
		friendly mouse blanking, mouse acceleration/threshold, "Pop-
		CLI", click-to-front/back, "SunMouse", "NoClick", "WildStar",
		Northgate key remapping, and more.  Requires Kickstart 2.0,
		but is not a commodity.  Only 3K.  Version 2.30, an update to
		version 2.21 on disk 789.  Public domain, assembly source
		included.
		Author:  Dan Babcock

CONTENTS OF DISK 0803
---------------------

Hackdisk	A complete replacement for trackdisk.device featuring a verify
		option and better performance.  Hackdisk is supplied as an OS
		module that may be RamKick'ed or placed directly in the Kick-
		start ROM.  This is version 2.00, an update to version 1.12 on
		disk number 783.  Now includes support for 150RPM HD floppy
		drives and untested support for 5.25 inch drives.  Free for
		non-commercial use, assembly source included.  
		Author:  Dan Babcock

HyperANSI	The ultimate in ANSI editors.  Allows you to edit up to 999
		pages at a time, with a  unique  'transparency'  mode which
		allows  you to 'see through'  the  pages  ( and save as a
		single page ).  Other  features include;  Copy, Move, Fill,
		Replace, Text alignment & justification, line drawing, char-
		acter painting (colors and/or text), half character painting,
		and keyboard remapping for all 255 IBM characters, plus more.
		Shareware, version 1.02, binary only.
		Author:  Mike D. Nelson

MiniPac		A very tiny PacMan clone, only about 8K.  Binary only.
		Author:  Philippe Banwarth

SCAN8800	A specialized database program to store frequencies and sta-
		tion names for shortwave transmitters.  It can also control
		a receiver for scanning frequency ranges.  Version 2.27,
		binary only.
		Author:  Rainer Redweik

CONTENTS OF DISK 0804
---------------------

AmigaWorld	A database program that contains information about every
		country on Earth.  It enables you to have a look at the data
		of one country, or to compare several countries.  It is easy
		to handle, and you can use it with your favourite colors,
		font, and even language (at the moment there are English and
		German data files).  Requires 1MB of memory.  This is freeware
		version 1.0, Modula-2 source is available by the author.
		Author:  Wolfgang Lug

DiskMate	A disk utility with multidrive disk copier (either DOS or non-
		DOS disks), disk formatter, disk eraser, disk installer, and
		floppy disk checker.  Version 3.0, binary only.
		Author:  Malcolm Harvey

Euphorion	A scrolling "shoot'em up" action-game, which contains eight
		different levels, bonus-stages and a highscore table.  This is
		version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Carsten Magerkurth

Password	A program to password protect an AutoBooting HD based system.
		Supports a list of authorized users and their passwords.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Malcolm Harvey

PubChange       PubChange is a commodity for AmigaDos 2.04.  It isn't a public
		screen manager, but it is useful when used in conjunction with
		one.  It is designed to make public screens easier to use.
		Whenever a new screen is brought to the front, this screen is
		examined.  If it is a public screen, it is made into the de-
		fault automatically without having to explicitly do it from
		within a public screen manager.  Thus, the current default
		public screen is always the one which you have most recently
		brought to the front, and applications which use the default
		public screen will appear there.  Version 1.2, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 771.  This version fixes two serious bugs
		and adds minor features.  Binary only.
		Author:  Steve Koren

TrueEd		A shareware editor.  Version 5.5, and update to version 3.40
		on disk 630.  No documentation, binary only.
		Author:  Jurgen Klein

CONTENTS OF DISK 0805
---------------------

CDTV-Player	A little utility for all those people, who'd like to play
		Audio-CD's, while multitasking on workbench. It's an emula-
		tion of CDTV's remote control, but is a little more sophis-
		ticated.  Version 1.5, an update to version 1.0 on disk 759.
		Public domain, binary only.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

Cleo		Implementation of a new experimental Pascal like language.
		Besides the normal data types, includes 2D and 3D data types,
		and an RGB color data type.  Includes a compiler and inter-
		preter, example programs, and documentation.  Version 1.0,
		includes full source in C to compiler, interpreter, and
		examples.
		Author:  DIALLO Barrou

Clouds		A program which creates randomly clouds on your screen.  You
		may save them as IFF-files and use them as background for your
		workbench.  Uses new AGA-feature (5-bitplane-hires-screen).
		Version 2.0, public domain.  Includes complete source in KICK-
		PASCAL.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

RussianFonts	This is a scalable vector font.  It's the Russian equivalent
		of the Times Roman font.  It comes in two versions, ADOBE
		TYPE 1 (pbf-file) and PAGESTREAM FONT (dmf-file).  This Font
		is shareware.  Designed with FontDesigner.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

Sizer		A small and pure shell utility that gives the size in bytes,
		blocks and the actual size occupied by a directory, device, 
		file or 'assign'.  Accepts multiple arguments.  Version 0.81, 
		an update to version 0.36 on disk 777.  Now requires KickStart
		37.175 or higher.  Binary only.
		Author:  Girard Cornu

CONTENTS OF DISK 0806
---------------------

HDFixer		Some of the newer A3000's have high density floppy drives. In
		the 37.175 version of Kickstart, HD disks are not completely
		supported in HD mode.  This program patches the system so that
		Kickstart V37.175 owners are able to use 1.71 MB HD disks.
		This very user friendly, totally new programmed version, comes
		as a Commodity and supports the new OS2.x functions like
		Public Screens, scaleable fonts, shortcut gadget activation
		and so on.  Requires Workbench 2.04.  This is version 2.00, an
		update to version 1.10 on disk 690.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter-Iver Edert

Icons		Some icons which can be used in the ToolManager dock window
		(ToolManager by S.Becker) for instance.  There are also a
		few tips for ToolManager users in the doc file.
		Author:  Andre Weissflog

MXReq		Creates a customizeable mutual exclude requester from a shell
		or AREXX script.  The user can select one out of up to eight
		entries, each of them writes an own value to an environment
		variable.  Including executable, sources, docs, examples and
		a small bonus tool.  Version: 1.20
		Author:  Andre Weissflog

XSearch		A program to search files and directories on any Amiga device.
		Has options to search for files or directories matching a
		given name pattern, length, date of last change, iff type,
		comment, internal strings, and protection bits.  Supports the
		Amiga clipboard.  Uses AmigaDOS 2.0 style interface.  Includes
		both German and English versions.  Version, 1.1, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 724.  Includes source in KICKPascal.
		Author:  Stefan Plvchinger

CONTENTS OF DISK 0807
---------------------

RoachMotel	A game where the object is to collect all the spray cans to
		complete the level.  If you touch any creatures you will lose
		one life, except when stomping on a roach or hitting a roach
		or boyd with your head while wearing the toupee.  Written in
		AMOS, binary only.
		Author:  Ryan Scott

VCLI		Voice Command Line Interface allows you to execute CLI or
		ARexx commands, or ARexx scripts, by spoken voice command
		through your Perfect Sound 3, Sound Master (Sound Magic), or
		Generic audio digitizer.  VCLI is completely multitasking and
		will run continuously in the background, waiting to execute
		your voice command even while other programs may be running.
		With VCLI you can launch multiple applications or control any
		program with ARexx capability completely by spoken voice
		command.  VCLI is compatible with both NTSC and PAL.  This is
		version 5.2, an update to version 5 on disk number 751.  New
		features include the capability to load alternate vocabulary
		files by spoken voice command, a choice of Amiga hardware
		timers to reduce interference with other programs, and immun-
		ity of the display to changes in system fonts.  Binary only,
		requires AmigaDOS 2.0.
		Author:  Richard Horne

VoiceCode	This file contains complete documentation for voice.library
		(Ver 6.4), the public domain Amiga library of voice recogni-
		tion functions for the Perfect Sound 3, Sound Master (Sound
		Magic) and Generic audio digitizers.  Included are descrip-
		tions of the functions that will allow your program to learn
		and recognize spoken words through your 8 bit audio digitizer.
		Also included are code examples in C and assembly language.
		Author:  Richard Horne and David Benn
      
XTrash		A constant trashcan implemented as an application icon.  Can
		erase anything; files, directories, trashcans and disks.  Disk
		formatting requires an external formatter.  Conforms closely
		to the AMIGA Style Guide.  Requires AMIGA OS 2.  Version 1.01,
		includes source in KICKPascal.
		Author:  Stefan Plvchinger

CONTENTS OF DISK 0808
---------------------

KingFisher	A specialized database tool providing maintenance and search
		capabilities for the descriptions of disks in the format used
		by this library.  KingFisher's database can span multiple
		(floppy) disk volumes, can be edited by text editors that
		support long text lines, can add disks directly from unedited
		email or usenet announcements, can remove disks, rebuild a
		damaged index, find next or previous software versions, print
		or export (parts of) the database, and more.  Includes a data-
		base of disks 1-800.  This is version 1.15, an update to ver-
		sion 1.11 on disk 783.  Binary only.
		Author:  Udo Schuermann

Look		A powerful program for creating and showing disk magazines.
		Supports IFF pictures, IFF brushes, ANSI, fonts, PowerPacker,
		and many more features.  Programmed in assembly language to
		be small and fast.  German language only.  Version 1.5, an
		update to version 1.2 on disk 743.  Now runs on NTSC machines
		in interlace mode and includes many new features.  Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Andri Voget.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0809
---------------------

CPK		A program to render a space filling representation of atoms
		in molecules.  This is the type of representation one would
		find in the plastic 'CPK' (Corey, Pauling, Kendrew) models
		often used in organic chemistry.  There are no hard coded
		constraints on the number of atoms it can process, it cor-
		rectly handles intersecting 3-dimensional spheres by using
		the Bresenham circle algorithm in 3D, and computes using the
		the current display screen resolution for simplicity and
		speed.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Eric G. Suchanek

EPU		A program like Stacker or XPK that allows applications to
		access compressed data from AmigaDOS devices without knowing
		that the data is compressed, and automatically compresses
		new data.  The file size is not limited by memory and the
		settings of the handler can be changed at any time.  Version
		1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jaroslav Mechacek

GetString	A small utility that puts up a string requester and stores the
		result in an environment variable (either local or global)
		that can be used in Shell scripts.  Requires OS 2.04+ and
		ReqTools.library.  Written in E, source included.
		Author:  Diego Caravana

SmallMath	"Drop-in" replacements for the Commodore IEEE math libraries
		for users with a math coprocessor.  Since these libraries do
		not contain the coprocessor-emulation code normally present,
		they are 60%-90% smaller than the usual libraries.  For the
		same reason, however, they cannot be used without a coproces-
		sor.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk 718,
		fixes a bug in the cmp() function.  Public domain, partial
		source included.
		Author:  Laz Marhenke

CONTENTS OF DISK 0810
---------------------

Amiga_E		An Amiga specific E compiler.  E is a powerful and flexible
		procedural programming language and Amiga E a very fast com-
		piler for it, with features such as compilation speed of
		20000 lines/minute on a 7 Mz amiga, inline assembler and
		linker integrated into compiler, large set of integrated
		functions, module concept with 2.04 includes as modules,
		flexible type-system, quoted expressions, immediate and typed
		lists, low level polymorphism, exception handling and much,
		more.  Written in Assembly and E.  Version 2.1, public domain,
		includes partial sources.
		Author:  Wouter van Oortmerssen

MakeDMake	An automated DMake file generator.  You give it the names of
		all the C-files used to produce your executable (except
		#include'd .c or .h files), and it will automatically scan
		them to find all dependencies, and produce a ready to use
		(in many cases) DMakeFile calling DCC with options you will
		need for normal compilation and linking.  Version 0.19, an
		update to version 0.15 on disk 789.  Includes source.
		Author:  Piotr Obminski, from original code by Tim McGrath

PrintManager	A printer spooler for AmigaDOS 2.0 or later.  Works with all
		programs, whether they use the parallel or serial device, use
		PRT: or the printer device directly, are printing text or gra-
		phics, and has an Intuition interface.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Nicola Salmoria

Snake		An updated version of the old computer game which lives in a
		Workbench window.  You control a "snake" which grows by	eating
		"frogs" and avoiding obstacles.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0.  C
		source included.
		Author:  Michael Warner

StarClock	StarClock displays time, date and stardate of the popular TV
		series Star Trek in a small window on the right hand side of
		the workbench screen.  StarClock is a commodity.  Requires OS
		2.0 or greater.  Version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Laurent, Volker Goehrke

TimeKeeper	A program that restores system time after resets.  This is
		accomplished by storing the current time in a resident struct-
		ure at regular intervals and restoring it at reboot.  Useful
		for Amigas that don't have a battery backed up clock. Requires
		KickStart 2.0 or higher.  Version 1.0, includes source in C.
		Author:  Mattias Moltkesson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0811
---------------------

bsh		A powerful advanced shell and interpretive programming
		language.  Runs on AmigaDOS 1.2 - AmigaDOS 2.1.  Major
		features include command history, command line editing,
		command substitution, redirection and piping, redirection
		of standard error file, concurrent piping for external
		commands, here documents, aliases, file name completion
		using wildcards ('*', '?'), pattern permutations, variables,
		array variables, local and environment variables, variable
		exporting, C-like expression evaluation, conditionals,
		looping, more than 50 builtin commands, more than 40
		builtin functions, script programming, workbench startup
		via newbsh, directory aliases, shell window manipulation
		and command search by CLI path, by bsh path variable,
		command hashing and resident command loading.  Version 0.98,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Gary Brant

MagicNoises	A MED module package including: Happy Hour, Magic Voices, Take
		it slow, Terminator II.
		Author:  Lars Rv_iger

WhiteLion	A new Othello (Reversi) playing program.  Strong and fast, it
		explains the rules and plays different strategies depending
		on the selected level.  Supports interLaced resolutions.
		Version 1.2_FD, english and german executables.  ShareWare,
		C sources and special version available when registering.
		Author:  Martin Grote

CONTENTS OF DISK 0812
---------------------

PPMC		The Powerpacker Mini Clone.  This is powerpacker.library
		meeting gadtools.library: A small utility, useful for compres-
		sing any text or data file.  This is version 1.2b, an update
		to version 1.1 on disk 751.  Many new enhancements, including
		a complete Shell interface, hypertext documentation, a brand
		new look, localization, Danish, Dutch, and French catalogs,
		etc.  Includes 68030 and 68040 versions, plus source for SAS
		C.
		Author:  Reza Elghazi

SCAN8800	A specialized database program to store frequencies and sta-
		tion names for shortwave transmitters.  It can also control
		a receiver for scanning frequency ranges.  Version 2.28, an
		update to version 2.27 on disk 803.  Now works on NTSC Amigas.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Rainer Redweik

CONTENTS OF DISK 0813
---------------------

AmigaBase	A hierachical, programmable, in-core database that runs under
		OS 1.3 and OS 2.0.  Has a full intuition interface.  Features
		include two display methods, filter datasets, search datasets,
		print datasets, and much more.  Nearly everything can be real-
		ized by programming AmigaBase. Datatypes can be Integer, Real,
		Boolean, String, Memo (Text), Date and Time.  Number of data-
		sets is only limited by available memory.  Also included in
		the package are some example projects.  Version 1.21, an up-
		date to version 1.20 on disk 792.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Steffen Gutmann

GIFdatatype	This program is a datatype that understands the GIF file for-
		mat.  Once installed, it allows any datatype-aware programs
		(such as MultiView) to read GIF files as if they were IFF.
		You can also use them as screen backdrops.  Datatypes only
		exist at WB3.0 and greater.  Version 39.2, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Goddard

MinedOut	A remake of the BASIC program of the same name for the Sin-
		clair Spektrum, by Ian Andrews.  Mined Out is a strategy game,
		like Mine on disk 725 or AMines on disk 707.  The object of
		the game is to find a way from the bottom of the minefield
		to the top, to escape a computer enemy.  Version 1.0, share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Dieter Seidel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0814
---------------------

BootJob		The BootBlock Utility.  Includes functions to store, install,
		view, or execute any disk bootblock.  Also self-made boot-
		blocks can be installed to disk.  The most powerful function
		is to save any bootblock as an executable CLI-File.  Now you
		can start every boot-util, viruschecker, game, or loader from
		the CLI.  Also included is a drawer with 46 different boot-
		blocks.  BootJob requires Amiga OS2.x. This is version 1.30,
		an update to version 1.00 on disk 760.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Michael Bialas

FIM		The Fast-Intro-Maker.  Use this little IntroMaker to create
		your own Intros in a few minutes.  Includes functions to
		insert selfmade IFF-Pictures, Color-Screentexts, Music and
		more.  Final created Intros will run on OS1.2/1.3/2.x (WB/Cli).
		F.I.M. requires Amiga OS2.x.  This is version 2.2, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk 760.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Bialas

MemBar		A simple program to display the free memory using a window
		with bars for chip and fast memory.  Version 1.0, public
		domain, includes source.
		Author:  Benjamin (Pink) Stegemann

Monopoly	Demo version of a Monopoly game written in C.  Version 1.0,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Ken Gilmer

NoteEdit	NoteEdit is a utility to write and save crypted notes.  The
		ability of an automatic diary is included as well.  Version
		1.0, freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Benjamin (Pink) Stegemann

TreeGrow	TreeGrow is a program which generates quasifractal trees or
		plants.  The idea is taken from "Spectrum der Wissenschaft",
		the german release of "Scientific American".  Version 1.0,
		freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Benjamin (Pink) Stegemann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0815
---------------------

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects 27 different such viruses.
		Checks your disk and memory for known link viruses, and can
		also detect known bootblock viruses in memory.  Version 1.7,
		an update to version 1.6a on disk 767. Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

InspireDemo	Demo version of a new, easy to use, AmigaDOS 2.0 text editor.
		The demo is the same as the registered version, except that
		save and print are disabled in the demo.  Inspire uses the
		new features of AmigaDOS 2.0 extensively, including using the
		ASL requester for font and file selection, and the gadtools
		library for standardized gadgets.  The display database is
		used so you may open any type of screen that your computer
		is capable of.  Features include an ARexx port, undo, find
		and replace, bookmarks, text centering, word wrap, case
		conversions, clipboard support, auto indenting, and more.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Josh Van Abrahams

ShuffleRun	A game for two players.  Try to collect more points than the
		other player.  A level editor is implemented.  300 levels are
		included, 100 can be edited.  Version 1.0, freeware, includes
		source.
		Author:  Benjamin (Pink) Stegemann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0816
---------------------

Egypt		A small game for one or two players.  Find three chests of
		gold in a computer generated maze.  Version 1.0, freeware,
		includes source.
		Author:  Benjamin (Pink) Stegemann

Look		A powerful program for creating and showing disk magazines.
		Supports IFF pictures, IFF brushes, ANSI, fonts, PowerPacker,
		and many more features.  Programmed in assembly language to
		be small and fast.  German language only.  Version 1.6, an
		update to version 1.5 on disk 808.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Andri Voget.

Revenge		Revenge of the Blob, an animated interpretation using Bill
		Watterson's original cartoon strip character "Calvin".  Tells
		the story of Calvin's encounter with his mother's food, and
		how the dreaded tapioca monster gets back at Calvin for
		turning his nose up at it.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  David Wiles

CONTENTS OF DISK 0817
---------------------

CTimer		A pair of programs for use with Sys1.3 and Sys2.  CTimer will
		measure the execution time of any section of code from a
		complete program down to a single line.  Freeware, includes
		source.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

EditKeys	A keymap editor.  Supports editing of string, dead and modi-
		fiable keys, as well as control of repeatable and capsable
		status of each key.  Runs equally well under AmigaDOS 1.3 or
		2.0.  This is version 1.3, an update to version 1.2 on disk
		642.  Binary only.
		Author:  David Kinder

Hextract	A complete header file reference.  Definitions, structures,
		structure members and offsets, flag values, library contents,
		function definitions, registers, library offsets, prototypes,
		and pragmas.  The data from a set of V2.x Amiga and Lattice
		header files is included and packed for immediate reference
		by Hextract.  Version 1.3, an update to version 1.2 on disk
		726.  Freeware, includes partial source.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

Install		A replacement for the AmigaDOS Install command, with an
		Intuition front end.  This is version 1.2, an update to
		version 1.1 on disk 643.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  David Kinder

S-Text		Turns texts into completely self-contained, self-displaying
		compressed files callable from Workbench or a CLI.  S-Texts
		will save disk space and can be transferred from disk to disk
		without having to think about reader and decompression compati-
		bility.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk 760.
		Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

CONTENTS OF DISK 0818
---------------------

LoadLibrary	Another LoadLib program, but this version runs in it's own
		task, and uses the reqtools.library for multiselection and
		other user friendly file handling.  All installed LoadLib
		libraries can also be removed from the system.  Supports the
		locale.library and Amiga-Guide.  Version 2.52 an update to
		version 2.52 on disk 743.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Nils 'Jon' Gvrs

TankHunter	A simple action game for two players.  Destroy the tank of
		your opponent.  50 levels are included.  You can choose
		between sound effects or a background song.  Version 1.0,
		freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Benjamin (Pink) Stegemann

UUCoderWindow	An intuition user interface for the CLI commands UUEncodeX
		and UUDecodeX, written by Michel Bekke.  Requires AmigaDOS
		2.x.  Version 1.0, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Nils 'Jon' Gvrs

WatchStack	A program that monitors the stack of any selected task or
		process 50 (PAL)/60 (NTSC) times per second and reports the
		allocated stack, maximum stack usage and current stack used.
		This program is a clone to StackWatch, disk 494, but improved
		a little bit. Requires AmigaOS 2.0. Version 2.02, binary only.
		Author:  Brian Ipsen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0819
---------------------

JukeBox		A program to play compact digitial audio discs by emulating
		a graphical user interface similar to common CD players.  It
		provides a command line oriented, fully programmable ARexx
		user interface, as well.  Version 1.2522, shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Franz-Josef Reichert

MemoMaster	A program that warns you about events (like birthdays and
		anniversaries) as they approach.  Version 2, includes source.
		Author:  Jeff Flynn

OctaMEDPlayer	Standalone player program for playing songs made with OctaMED.
		Can load sng+samples-format and MMD0/MMD1-modules made with
		MED V2.10 or later, or any version of OctaMED.  Can play stan-
		dard four channel Amiga songs, MIDI songs, 5 to 8 channel
		OctaMED songs, and multi-modules.  Has a nice 2.0 look and
		works fine under 2.0 as well as 1.3.  Version 4.04, an update
		to version 3.00 on disk 688.  Binary only.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen and AMIGANUTS UNITED

CONTENTS OF DISK 0820
---------------------

Databench	Databench is a new low-cost Database with some nice features
		like fast search, filter, password, import/export and more.
		Includes both English and German versions.  Demo version only,
		binary only.
		Author: Eric Hambuch / APC&TCP Vertrieb

QuickFile	A flexible, fast and easy to use flat file database using ran-
		dom access with intelligent buffering to minimise disk access,
		multiple indexes for fast access to records, form and list
		style screens and reports, and fast sorting and searching.
		Files are quickly and easily defined, and fields can be added,
		changed, or deleted at any time.  Version 1.2, shareware,
		binary only
		Author:  Alan Wigginton

SysInfo		A program which reports interesting information about the
		configuration of your machine, including some speed compar-
		isons with other configurations, versions of the OS software,
		etc.  Lots of new enhancements including information on
		devices, resources and ports, and graphical speed comparisons.
		This is version 3.11, an update to version 3.01 on disk 758.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

VirusZ		A virus detector that recognizes over 500 bootblocks (200 boot
		viruses) and over 95 file viruses.  The filechecker can also
		decrunch files for testing.  The memory checker removes  all
		known viruses from memory without 'Guru  Meditation' and
		checks memory for viruses regularly.  VirusZ has easy to use
		intuitionized menus including keycuts for both beginners and
		experienced users.  VirusZ performs a self-test on every
		startup to prevent link virus infection.  Written entirely in
		assembly language and operates with Kickstart 1.2/1.3, OS 2.0
		and OS 3.0.  Version 3.00, an update to version 2.27 on disk
		786.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Georg Hvrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0821
---------------------

Diff		Port of GNU Diff, containing "cmp", "diff", "diff3", and
		"sdiff".  Provides all the features of BSD's diff plus options
		to diff non-ASCII files, to ignore changes that just insert or
		delete blank lines, to specify the amount of context for con-
		text diffs, plus more.  Version 2.1, an update to version 1.10
		on disk 281.  Includes source.
		Author:  Mike Haertel, et. al.  Amiga port by Carsten Steger

Indent		A C source code formatter/indenter.  Especially useful for
		cleaning up inconsistently indented code.  Version 1.7, an
		update to version 1.4 on disk 702.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, Amiga port by Carsten Steger

CONTENTS OF DISK 0822
---------------------

NetHack		A screen oriented fantasy game where your goal is to grab as
		much treasure as you can, retrieve the Amulet of Yendor, and
		escape the Mazes of Menace alive.  On the screen is a map of
		where you have been and what you have seen on the current dun-
		geon level.  As you explore more of the level, it appears on
		the screen in front of you.  Nethack generates a new dungeon
		every time it is played, thus even veteran players will con-
		tinue to find it entertaining and exciting.  This is part 1
		of a 3 part distribution.  Part 1 contains the binary portion
		of the distribution.  Part 2 and part 3 contains the source
		portion of the distribution, and can be found on disk 823 and
		824.  This is version 3.1pl0, an update to version 3.0pl10 on
		disk 460.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various; see documentation

CONTENTS OF DISK 0823
---------------------

NetHack		A screen oriented fantasy game where your goal is to grab as
		much treasure as you can, retrieve the Amulet of Yendor, and
		escape the Mazes of Menace alive.  On the screen is a map of
		where you have been and what you have seen on the current dun-
		geon level.  As you explore more of the level, it appears on
		the screen in front of you.  Nethack generates a new dungeon
		every time it is played, thus even veteran players will con-
		tinue to find it entertaining and exciting.  This is part 2
		of a 3 part distribution.  Part 1 contains the binary portion
		of the distribution and can be found on disk 822.  Part 2 con-
		tains part of the source and part 3 (on disk 824) contains the
		remainder of the source.  This is version 3.1pl0, an update to
		version 3.0pl10 on disk 460.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various; see documentation

CONTENTS OF DISK 0824
---------------------

AlphMan		A programmer tool which may help you to create an intuition or
		gadtools user interface.  It opens a window with a gadget for
		each keyboard key.  If you press a key the dependent gadget
		will be disabled.  So you may check whether a key has been
		used or not.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or higher.  Version 1.00,
		freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

GadgetTest	A programming example of how to create and handle all of the
		types of the new AmigaDOS 2.04 gadgets.  Requires AmigaDOS
		2.04 or higher.  This is version 0.01, includes source.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

NetHack		A screen oriented fantasy game where your goal is to grab as
		much treasure as you can, retrieve the Amulet of Yendor, and
		escape the Mazes of Menace alive.  On the screen is a map of
		where you have been and what you have seen on the current dun-
		geon level.  As you explore more of the level, it appears on
		the screen in front of you.  Nethack generates a new dungeon
		every time it is played, thus even veteran players will con-
		tinue to find it entertaining and exciting.  This is part 3
		of a 3 part distribution.  Part 1 contains the binary portion
		of the distribution and can be found on disk 822.  Part 2 con-
		tains part of the source and can be found on disk 823.  Part 3
		contains the remainder of the source.  This is version 3.1pl0,
		an update to version 3.0pl10 on disk 460.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various; see documentation

Pager		A program to number lines and pages for various kinds of text.
		It uses printf style formattings and has a lot of cli options,
		including lines per page, multiple sources, quiet option etc.
		Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or higher.  This is version 1.00, free-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0825
---------------------

AII		The Archiving Intuition Interface makes things easier if you
		are archiving or dearchiving files.  You can do it all with
		the click of a mouse button, instead of typing in a whole line
		in the CLI.  Version 1.35, an update to version 1.03 on disk
		799.  Now supports KickStart 2.xx as well as 1.3.  Supports
		several archiving formats including LHa, Zoo, Arc, UnArj, and
		UnZip.  Requires reqtools.library.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Paul Mclachlan

ASokoban	An implementation of the UNIX game Sokoban for the Amiga.
		Has the original 85 levels of the UNIX game, a nice Intuition
		GUI, undo and backup functions, and is fully multitasking.
		Requires Kickstart 2.0.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Panagiotis Christias

VirusChecker	A virus checker that can check memory, disk bootblocks, and
		all disk files for signs of most known viruses.  Can remember
		nonstandard bootblocks that you indicate are OK and not bother
		you about them again.  Includes an ARexx port.  Version 6.22,
		an update to version 6.06 on disk 680.  Binary only.
		Author:  John Veldthuis

WComm		A commodity which enables the user to manipulate windows with
		43 user definable hotkey commands.  You can move, size, re-
		size, set to prefs, zoom, exclude, include, close tile cascad-
		ing, and kill windows. You can cycle screens.  WComm also has
		a title clock, a palette window (with up to 256 colours), a
		popup shell, and a notify system, which can inform you about
		any important event and date, such as the birthdays of your
		friends, etc.  You may also automatically start any command,
		a backup for example, at specific intervals.  WComm is control-
		led by some configuration files and can be handled by the use
		of the several asynchronous windows.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04
		or higher.  This is version 1.80, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0826
---------------------

Asteriods	A very nicely done asteriods game.  All images and sounds are
		loaded from disk as IFF files, and can be replaced by the user
		if desired.  This demo version has been partially disabled to
		keep the player from going past level 5.  Version 0.85, share-
		ware, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Seifert

Date2Day	A simple program that gives the day name for the date selected
		by three gadgets.  Uses GadTools library, so requires AmigaDOS
		2.04 or higher.  Version 0.1, binary only.
		Author:  Gerard Cornu

DMEFReq		A tool to replace the arp filerequester calls of dme or other
		editors with the asl one.  It saves the selections to some env
		variables which can be easily examined from rexx or batch
		scripts.  Includes examples of how to use it in DMe.  Requires
		AmigaDOS 2.04 or higher.  Version 1.00, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

MemSnap		A small memory monitor useful for seeing how much memory
		other programs take up.  Based on a program called Memeter,
		which broke under Kickstart 2.0.  Requires Kickstart 2.0 or
		higher.  Version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk 696.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

SoftLock	A program to help prevent unauthorized access of your bootable
		hard drive by requiring a password each time you reboot.  Has
		been tested under both AmigaDOS 1.3 and 2.04.  This is version
		1.0.2, an update to version 1.0.1 on disk 633.  Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Allan Baer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0827
---------------------

AMaster		An address database program with sort, search and selections
		after each field.  The number of entries depends only on the
		free memory.  Has a lot of print options including a print to
		screen function.  Has a full online help system.  Includes
		both German and English versions.  Is font independent and
		has been tested under 2.04 and 3.0.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04
		or higher.  This is version 1.52, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

AskReq		This is another batchfile requester. It displays a message
		and prompts the user for a string or optionally for a number.
		It may be also used to request a choice between the specified
		gadgets.  Has a lot of CLI options.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04
		or higher.  This is version 1.00, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

AskVersion	This little program can be used to check whether you are run-
		ning under AmigaDOS 1.3 or AmigaDOS 2.04.  You can put it into
		your startup-sequence to execute a 1.3 bootup script.  This is
		version 0.01, public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

AztecErr	A Manx quickfix support program.  If you use the quickfix op-
		tion of AztecC version 5.xx, you can set CCEDIT to this pro-
		gram.  It opens a window which displays all errors one after
		another.  It also has an ARexx port and a gadtools user inter-
		face.  This is version 1.25 an update to version 1.0 on disk
		761.  Removed some enforcer hits and is now font independent.
		Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or higher.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

CloseWD		A tool which enables you to kill windows which are left on
		any screen from other programs, which have been terminated by
		gurus or other things.  You can specify the window by pattern
		matching in the string gadget or by setting a timeout that
		gives you time to select the proper window.  It has a gadtools
		interface and an "ask-before-closing" option.  This is version
		2.11 an update to version 1.2 on disk 742.  Removed some en-
		forcer hits and is now font independent.  Requires AmigaDOS
		2.04 or higher.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

FRequest	FRequest is a handy program which lets you select a file by
		using the ASL file requester and executes a CLI command with
		the given selection. FRequest can be easily used in batch
		files and has a lot of options.  You can use it as an frontend
		for any program which does not directly support filerequester
		selections.  It exchanges '[]' in the specified command line
		with the selection.  It has a debug ability for testing of
		options before execution.  This is version 1.55, an update to
		version 1.5 on disk 743.  It now supports multiple file sel-
		ections and the save filerequester option.  Requires AmigaDOS
		2.04 or higher.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

PickFile	A random generated executor.  It uses a file, or optionally a
		directory, to start the given commandline which the selection.
		Can be easily used for slideshows, wbpattern, font, wbpicture
		changes.  Any []`s will be exchanged with the selection.  In-
		cludes examples.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or higher.  This is
		version 1.00, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Hans-Peter Guenther

CONTENTS OF DISK 0828
---------------------

DiskTest	A utility to test the integrity of floppy and hard disks, ala
		Norton Utilities.  This is version 2.03, an update to version
		1.18 on disk 663.  New features include a completely revised
		GUI, implemented with a text scroller.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04
		or later.  Public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti

Post		An excellent PostScript interpreter for the Amiga which imple-
		ments the full Adobe language.  Supports type 1 and type 3
		fonts, screen output, file output, and printer output.  This
		is version 1.86enh, an update to version 1.7 on disk 669.  In
		this enhanced version all AmigaDOS 1.3 compatibility has been
		removed to facilitate a better, more consistent user interface
		using GadTools menus and GadTools gadgets, full support for
		and use of ASL file requesters has been added, many bugs have
		been fixed, and the source has been upgraded to work with SAS
		C 6.x.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or later.  Includes source.
		Author:  Adrian Aylward, enhancements by Robert Poole

PSFonts		Postscript font files from the GNU Ghostscript 2.5.2 distribu-
		tion, for use with the "Post" postscript interpreter on disk
		828.  This is part one of a three part distribution.  Parts
		two and three can be found on disks 829 and 830 respectively.
		Author:  Various, see docs.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0829
---------------------

PSFonts		Postscript font files from the GNU Ghostscript 2.5.2 distribu-
		tion, for use with the "Post" postscript interpreter on disk
		828.  This is part two of a three part distribution.  Parts
		one and three can be found on disks 828 and 830 respectively.
		Author:  Various, see docs.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0830
---------------------

PSFonts		Postscript font files from the GNU Ghostscript 2.5.2 distribu-
		tion, for use with the "Post" postscript interpreter on disk
		828.  This is part three of a three part distribution.  Parts
		one and two can be found on disks 828 and 829 respectively.
		Author:  Various, see docs.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0831
---------------------

GrabKick	A tool to copy the contents of any Kickstart ROM into a file.
		Note that there are many legitimate reasons for wishing to
		make a file copy of a ROM image.  I don't condone using this
		program for any illegal uses however.  You should be aware of
		the laws in your region with regard to fair use of software,
		including software contained in ROMS.  Version 1.1, includes
		source.
		Author:  Ralf Gruner

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS 2.0
		or higher.  Features include total configurability, full ARexx
		control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification after
		download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto upload
		and download, unlimited size scrollable review buffer, solid
		and fully-featured VT102/VT220/ANSI emulation, support for
		external terminal emulation libraries, optional fast atomic
		terminal emulation, hotkey support, powerful phonebook and
		dialing functions, ability to save and print the contents of
		the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file, full overscan and screen
		resolution support (AGA and ECS screen modes included), async-
		hronous operation and a lot more.  This is version 3.1, an up-
		date to version 2.3 on disks 725 and 730.  This is part one of
		a three part distribution, and contains the main program, doc-
		umentation, and auxiliary data files.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0832
---------------------

FakeKey		A utility for use in scripts with programs like Diskcopy that
		require the user to press a key before the program runs.  It
		sends a user-specified key press to the active window, after
		an optional delay.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or higher.  This
		is version 1.0.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Douglas Nelson

NameThatMonster
		A commodity for use with Moria and similar games that use the
		slash key for identification.  It allows you to identify a
		monster or object with a single press of the middle mouse but-
		ton.  Requires 2.04 or higher and a three button mouse.  In-
		cludes source in F-Basic.
		Author:  Douglas Nelson.

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS 2.0
		or higher.  Features include total configurability, full ARexx
		control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification after
		download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto upload
		and download, unlimited size scrollable review buffer, solid
		and fully-featured VT102/VT220/ANSI emulation, support for
		external terminal emulation libraries, optional fast atomic
		terminal emulation, hotkey support, powerful phonebook and
		dialing functions, ability to save and print the contents of
		the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file, full overscan and screen
		resolution support (AGA and ECS screen modes included), async-
		hronous operation and a lot more.  This is version 3.1, an up-
		date to version 2.3 on disks 725 and 730.  This is part two of
		a three part distribution, and contains the main program as a
		68020/030/040 executable, and the program source code.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0833
---------------------

Term		A gift-ware telecommunications program written for AmigaOS 2.0
		or higher.  Features include total configurability, full ARexx
		control, Xpr-transfer support, filetype-identification after
		download, cut & paste/point-and-click on screen, auto upload
		and download, unlimited size scrollable review buffer, solid
		and fully-featured VT102/VT220/ANSI emulation, support for
		external terminal emulation libraries, optional fast atomic
		terminal emulation, hotkey support, powerful phonebook and
		dialing functions, ability to save and print the contents of
		the screen as IFF-ILBM or ASCII file, full overscan and screen
		resolution support (AGA and ECS screen modes included), async-
		hronous operation and a lot more.  This is version 3.1, an up-
		date to version 2.3 on disks 725 and 730.  This is part three
		of a three part distribution, and contains the documentation
		in DVI and PostScript formats.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

ZIP		A program which can interpret and run standard series and
		interactive fiction plus Infocom game files.  Includes sound
		and proportional font support and other Amiga specific
		features.  Version 1.00, Amiga release 2.2, includes source
		in `C'.
		Author:  Mark Howell, Amiga port by Olaf Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0834
---------------------

InfoTools	Several tools to query information about or to disassemble
		Infocom game files.  Source in `C' is included.
		Author:  Mark Howell, Amiga port by Olaf Barthel

PInfocom	A portable Infocom standard series game file interpreter that
		can also analyze any Infocom game file and display vocabulary
		lists, object trees, etc.  Has many informative and debugging
		options that can be enabled at runtime.  Includes extensive
		documentation, sound and proportional sound support, and many
		Amiga specific features.  This is version 3.00, Amiga release
		2.34.  Includes source in C.
		Authors:  InfoTaskForce & Paul D. Smith; port by Olaf Barthel

WBGenie		WBGenie is a WB-program launcher with a difference.  It is
		intended to be a WB interface to a set of WB programs (which
		the author is in the process of writing) to make performing
		housekeeping chores on the Amiga simple.  WBGenie is a WB2.x
		only program and is a commodity.  It makes use of appicons and
		appwindows.  Includes some sample code to demonstrate how to
		write a tool type array without affecting existing tool types.
		Version 1.02, binary only.
		Author:  Steven Velletri

XEM		Sample code and documentation how to create and interface to
		external terminal emulation libraries as supported by terminal
		programs such as LR-Comm, `term' and X-Comm. This is version
		2.0 and includes sample library and sample interface source
		code in `C' and assembly language.
		Author:  Ueli Kaufmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0835
---------------------

MandelSquare	Yet another program to generate images from the Mandelbrot
		set, different from most implementations in that it runs
		only under AmigaOS 2.x, requires an '020/'030/'040 CPU and a
		numerical coprocessor.	The calculation routines were
		written in '881 assembly language for maximum speed and
		precision.  Also included is a `movie mode' which allows
		generation of long camera zooms to spots in the Mandelbrot
		set.  The resulting animations can be saved in ANIM-opt-5
		format, allowing to replay them using `MandelSquare' or
		standard animation software.  Enhancements include support
		for the AGA chipset (now you can finally create images in
		256 colours!) and several bug fixes and improvements in the
		image and animation creation code.  This is version 1.6, an
		update to version 1.3 on disk 589.  Includes source in C and
		assembly language.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

Mine		A new Modula-2 implementation of an old computer game.  You
		have an N * N square with mines hidden in some fields.  Your
		job is to mark them with a flag as fast as possible.  High-
		score lists are supported.  This is version 1.8, an update to
		version 1.6 on disk 758, and contains a few improvements and
		some bug fixes.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Ansorge

Mines		A game in which you have to logically find out which parts of
		the mine-field are not mined.  There are many kinds of mine-
		fields and you have to be very careful to be able to solve the
		most difficult levels.  Mines opens its own window on a Work-
		bench screen and it's multitasking friendly.  This game was
		made and tested under Workbench 2.0, so the colors may look a
		bit strange under WB1.3.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Teemu Sipila and Marko Malmberg     

SuperDark	A screen blanker with some special features.  It is similar
		to the AfterDark screen blanker in the PC and Mac worlds.
		Features include a lot of different screen effects, a screen
		locker, and more.  Version 1.2, includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Landspurg

SuperFormatter	A easy to user disk formatting program with an Intuition
		interface.  Options include quick format, verify, trashcan
		icon installation, FFS versus old filesystem, and more.
		Version 1.0d, binary only.
		Author:  Mark Warpool

CONTENTS OF DISK 0836
---------------------

DocPrint	This program is a papersaver for those who use fanfold paper
		in their printers.  It is able to print the odd and the even
		pages separately with pagenumbers and header and footer.  Can
		be called from Workbench or via CLI with textname as argument
		for use with DirOpus or SID.  Can print powerpacked files.
		All settings can be stored in a config file.  Comes in two
		versions, English and german.  Needs AmigaDOS 1.3 or higher,
		powerpacker.library (included) and PAL-mode.  This is version
		2.00, shareware, binary only.  Written in Modula2.
		Author:  Hartmut Jager (Bari-Soft)

FSim		A process simulation system for the Amiga.  It calculates
		complex systems consisting of algebraic and differential
		equations and shows the results in a graphic representation.
		A user with only a small knowledge of C programming is able
		to use FSim to create complex models and connect them to a
		comfortable user interface.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jens Hartkopf

Slicer		A program for creating abstract art based on mathematical
		functions, such as the Mandelbrot set, Julia sets, and related
		abstractions (chaotic dynamical systems).  Features include
		fast fixed or floating point arithmetic, many different func-
		tions, many computation options, many coloring and rendering
		options, batch mode, multi pass mode, and four dimensional
		navigation.  The pictures it makes can be thought of as cross
		sections or "slices" revealing the insides of solid objects.
		This is version 2.1 an update to version 2.0 on disk 634.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Gary Teachout

CONTENTS OF DISK 0837
---------------------

AquaPack	This package is a replacement of the old Aquarium program.
		NewFish, NewAqua and CliAqua support a packed database but
		are also compatible with the old (unpacked) database. The
		entire package supports a user configurable database path.
		CliAqua has the same functions as NewAqua, but is controlled
		via CLI.  It has an interface to install on a BBS.  AquaPack
		is written in SAS-C.  NewFish is version 2.71, NewAqua is
		version 1.01, and CliAqua is version 1.01.  Source is avail-
		able from the author.
		Author:  Silvano Oesch, Paul Wittwer

Life		Another version of Tomas's Life game.  Features include wrap-
		ping the screen as in a torus, independent setting of the
		horizontal and vertical resolutions, computing only a specific
		number of generations, redisplay only every N generations,
		a macro language to set up initial generations, and more.
		Works with horizontal resolutions up to 262,112 pixels and
		vertical resolutions up to 65,535 pixels.  This is version
		6.1, an update to version 5.0 on disk 316.  Includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki

UnixDirs	A program which intercepts calls to dos.library to add the
		UNIX style '.' and '..' syntax for current and parent direct-
		ories, respectively, to file and path names.  I.E., you can
		refer to files in the current directory as './foo' and files
		in the parent directory as '../foo', or any combination of the
		two.  Similar to program on disk 321, but independently devel-
		oped.  Includes source.
		Author:  Martin Scott

CONTENTS OF DISK 0838
---------------------

ABackup		A powerful backup utility, that may be used both for hard disk
		backup and for file archiving.  Features include a full Intu-
		ition interface, a "batch" mode, save/load file selection,
		support for HD floppies, support for XPK library, a child task
		for disk write, error recovery when writing to a disk, cyclic
		backup to and restore from several drives, optional data com-
		pression, function to rebuild the catalog, support for both
		soft and hard links, and more.  Includes French and English
		versions.  Version 2.40, an update to version 2.00 on disk
		780.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

GZip		GNU zip is a compression utility designed to be a replacement
		for 'compress'.  Its main advantages over compress are much
		better compression and freedom from patented algorithms.  GZip
		currently defaults to using the LZ77 algorithm used in zip 1.9
		but can also decompress files created by zip, compress, or
		pack.  Version 1.0.5, includes source.
		Author:  Jean-loup Gailly

LE-NAG		LeverEdge NAG is a program to remind you of events before you
		miss them.  Events can be scheduled to occur once or repeat
		daily, weekly, monthly or yearly.  You can be alerted of the
		event in a number of ways from a screen flash to a message
		requester.  Version 93.03.03, an update to version 92.10.21
		on disk 761.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Craig M. Lever

CONTENTS OF DISK 0839
---------------------

Japanese	Two programs to help teach Japanese.  "Word A Day" is a pop-
		up program to put in your WBStartup drawer.  It will randomly
		select one word out of it's 1019 word database and display it
		along with the English.  "JapaneseVocabulary" is a quiz type
		Japanese vocabulary builder.  Both programs are standalone and
		complete, and also work with the "Japanese Talking Picture
		Dictionary" by the same author.
		Author:  Wayne Quigley Sr

LazyBench	LazyBench is a utility for lazy people with a hard disk cram-
		med full of goodies which are difficult to reach because they
		are buried away in drawers inside drawers inside drawers in-
		side drawers...  Supports tools and projects and both OS 1.3
		and OS 2.xx versions are supplied with this distribution.
		LazyBench for the OS 1.3 opens a little window on the Work-
		bench screen and delivers a fully configurable menu which
		brings up to 30 applications at your fingertips.  LazyBench
		for the OS 2.xx adds an item under the Workbench "Tools" menu,
		installs itself as a Commodity and waits in the background.
		Use its hot key combination to pop its window and then select
		an application from a list of up to 100 applications.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Werther 'Mircko' Pirani

SSW		Solar System Wars is a game similar to Space Wars, pitting two
		players against each other, in orbit around 0 to 3 stars.  You
		can choose from 48 different solar systems, or use the random
		system selector for a different challenge every round.  A var-
		iety of weapons are available.  Supports two button joysticks
		but does not require them.  Version 1.14, binary only.
		Author:  James Cleverdon

TrashIcon	A WorkBench 2.x application icon to delete files.  Puts an
		icon at a possibly user defined position on the WorkBench
		screen, that deletes all files that are dragged onto it.  This
		is version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Mark McPherson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0840
---------------------

OctaMED		A music editor which was originally designed for making music
		for programs (demos, games, etc), but works well as a stand-
		alone music program as well.  OctaMED is the 8-channel version
		of MED.  This is a freely distributable release of the fully
		functional commercial version 2.0.  Versions later than 2.0
		remain commercial and are *not* freely redistributable at this
		time.  Previous releases were version 1.00b on disk 579 and
		a demo of version 4.0 on disk 755.  Binary only.
		Author:  Teijo Kinnunen and Ray Burt-Frost

CONTENTS OF DISK 0841
---------------------

AniMan		AniMan combines Amiga animation, speech synthesis, and voice
		recognition, to provide you with an animated talking head
		that will run any Amiga program by voice command.  Ask for
		an Amiga program by name, and AniMan will oblige.  If AniMan
		becomes impatient, you may be insulted.  AniMan will also
		recite poetry if you ask nicely.  It is designed to work with
		the Perfect Sound 3, Audio Master (Audio Magic), or generic
		audio digitizers.  Also requires 1MB of fast memory.  This is
		Version 5.0 of AniMan, an update to version 3.2 disk 723.  New
		features include support for AGA and improved performance.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

GifInfo		A small program that gives information about GIF files, such
		as size, number of colors, etc.  Includes documentation in
		English and French.  Version 1.12, binary only.
		Author:  Christophe Passuello

PowerData	Patches AmigaDOS, enabling all programs to read and write
		files packed with PowerPacker in way that is completely
		transparent to themselves and the system.  Programs will read
		powerpacked datafiles directly, and will also magically start
		compressing their own datafiles, as they create or update
		them.  This is version 38.115, an update to version 38.105 on
		disk 801.  Partially localized for use with Workbench 2.1.
		Workbench 2.04+ only.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Berg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0842
---------------------

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector that detects 30 different such viruses.
		Checks your disk and memory for known link viruses, and can
		also detect known bootblock viruses in memory.  Version 1.8,
		an update to version 1.7 on disk 815.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

GadToolsBox	A program that lets you draw/edit GadTools gadgets and menus
		and then generates the corresponding C or assembly code for
		you.  This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.4 on disk
		731.  Includes source.
		Author:  Jan van den Baard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0843
---------------------

BrowserII	A "Programmer's Workbench".  Allows you to easily and con-
		veniently move, copy, rename, and delete files & directories
		using the mouse.  Also provides a method to execute either
		Workbench or CLI programs by double-clicking them or by
		selecting them from a ParM like Menu with lots of arguments.
		Uses whatis.library to detect file types and executes commands
		based on these.  Version 2.13 for AmigaDOS 1.3 and 2.31 for
		AmigaDOS 2.0 (localized).  Update to version 2.04 on disk 649.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier and Pierre Carrette

MeMeter		A WB 2.0 only version of MeMeter (only 2000 bytes).  Update
		for original MeMeter, which didn't work under 2.0.  Includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Pierre Carrette

ParM		Parametrable Menu.  ParM allows you to build menus to run
		any program in either in WorkBench or CLI mode.  This is an
		alternative to MyMenu which can run only when WorkBench is
		loaded.  ParM can have it's own little window, can attach
		menus to the CLI window you are running it from, or to the
		WB menus, just like MyMenu.  Versions 3.6 & 4.3, an update
		to version 3.6 on disk 649.  Binary only.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier and Pierre Carrette

WBRun		A RunBack style program which use parm.library.  Runs programs
		in WorkBench mode from any CLI.  Programs are fully detached.
		The program you run must support WorkBench startup.  Includes
		source in C.  Versions 1.3 and 2.0.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier and Pierre Carrette

WhatIs		WhatIs.library can detect file types and is fully parametrable
		by an ascii file.  You can describe file types and they will
		be recognized by the library.  A few tools are also included.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier and Pierre Carrette

CONTENTS OF DISK 0844
---------------------

DBB		Digital Breadboard is a full GUI digital logic circuit simu-
		lator.  Digital Breadboard currently supports 2 and 3 input
		AND, OR, NAND, and NOR gates, NOT and XOR gates, D, JK, and
		SR edge-triggered flip-flops, multiple independant clocks,
		switched and pulsed inputs, outputs, Vcc, GND, independant
		4-channel oscilloscope, event counters, variable speed timer,
		preferences printing, and more.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.x.  This
		is version 1.1, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Dan Griffin

DiskPrint	A label database which prints and stores disk labels for 3.5"
		and 5.25" disks.  Primarily created as a combined database and
		print utility for FD disks, it includes easy-to-use label lib-
		rary functions (like printing labels for a whole FD series in
		one turn or multiple print of one label) and labels for most
		FD disks which are available within a few mouse clicks.  Fea-
		tures include a fast search routine, user-definable label lay-
		out, different label sizes, intuition-based disk directory
		read-in and a lot more.  Very configurable.  Works fine with
		every printer connected to the parallel port and AmigaOS 1.2,
		1.3, and 2.x.  This version now includes DESKJET support for
		single label sheets.  Includes both English (PAL & NTSC) and
		German versions.  This is version 3.59, an update to version
		3.51 on disk 685.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jan Geissler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0845
---------------------

ISL		Imagine Staging Language, a decompiler and compiler which
		allow the user to create and modify Imagine staging files 
		in a manner much more powerful than that provided by Imagine
		itself.  Imagine is the 3d rendering and animation program
		published by Impulse.  ISL does not require any particular
		version of AmigaDos, but it only works with version 2.0 of
		Imagine.  Version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  John T. Grieggs

Sz'kwa		Sz'kwa, a children's game from Northern China, as described
		by Clifford A. Pickover in his book `MAZES for the MIND,
		computers and the unexpected'.  Requires Workbench 2.04 or
		higher.  This is version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  A.R.Mohowitsch

TextPlus	A TeX frontend word processor that provides facilities for
		tables, lists, mailmerge, footnotes, inclusion of IFF graph-
		ics, an ARexx-Port (111 commands) and full OS2.0/3.0 compat-
		ibility.  Makes use of PasTeX, Georg Hessmann's Amiga imple-
		mentation of TeX.  New features are support for LaTeX, Make-
		Index (automatic index generation) and printing via PRT:
		(TeX is not needed for the latter).  This is the German ver-
		sion 4.10, an update to version 4.00 on disk 700.  Disk 846
		contains the English version.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Steppler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0846
---------------------

FileCache	This package is for compiler and assembler writers.  It im-
		plements a cache for include files with a file cache server.
		Can greatly speed up compilation and assembling.  Binary only.
		Author:  Christophe Passuello

IObject		A linker library that emulates some gadgets of the gadtools
		library (CheckBox, Cycle, Button, Scroller, Integer, String)
		and an area of text with scrolling.  Works with all versions
		of WorkBench.  Includes examples and documentation in English
		and French.  Binary only.
		Author:  Christophe Passuello

TextPlus	A TeX frontend word processor that provides facilities for
		tables, lists, mailmerge, footnotes, inclusion of IFF graph-
		ics, an ARexx-Port (111 commands) and full OS2.0/3.0 compat-
		ibility.  Makes use of PasTeX, Georg Hessmann's Amiga imple-
		mentation of TeX.  New features are support for LaTeX, Make-
		Index (automatic index generation) and printing via PRT:
		(TeX is not needed for the latter).  This is the English ver-
		sion 4.10, an update to version 4.00 on disk 700.  Disk 845
		contains the German version.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Steppler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0847
---------------------

ADM		A comfortable and flexible address database with font sensi-
		tive windows, commodity support, application window support,
		an ARexx-port, public screen support, and fully controllable
		from the keyboard.  It includes user flags (grouping), email
		support, and freely configurable label printing.  It can fill
		out letter forms and call your word processor, print remit-
		tance orders, dial the modem, and has online help.  Requires
		AmigaDOS version 2.04 or later.  Version 1.01, German version
		only.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jan Geissler

MidiChords	A program which replaces and extends the chord-key-play-
		function, as may be found on several low priced keyboards.
		To make full use of this code a MIDI interface and a keyboard
		capable of MIDI reception is required, however, a limited
		audio output is available too.  Some special harmonic routines
		are: Chord Finding, Sequencing and Random Play.  Chords and
		sequences are played by simple mouse clicks and recorded
		Seqfiles can be saved (and loaded).  On-line information may
		be switched on/off.  Version 3.2, binary only.
		Author:  Theo Brugman

CONTENTS OF DISK 0848
---------------------

Amiga_E		An Amiga specific E compiler.  E is a powerful and flexible
		procedural programming language and Amiga E a very fast com-
		piler for it, with features such as compilation speed of
		20000 lines/minute on a 7 Mhz amiga, inline assembler and
		linker integrated into compiler, large set of integrated
		functions, module concept with 2.04 includes as modules,
		flexible type-system, quoted expressions, immediate and typed
		lists, low level polymorphism, exception handling and much,
		much more.  Written in Assembly and E.  Version 2.1b, an
		update to version 2.1 on disk 810.  Public domain.  Includes
		partial sources.
		Author:  Wouter van Oortmerssen

CWeb		A programming tool that allows you to program top down, by
		splitting your program into many small, and understandable
		modules which `ctangle' tangles into a compiler understandable
		file.  By applying `cweave' to the program you can produce a
		pretty-printed listing for processing with `TeX'.  This is
		version 2.7, an update to version 2.0 on disk 551, now with
		full ANSI and C++ support.  Includes source.
		Author:  Donald Knuth, Silvio Levy, port by Andreas Scherer

Poker		A "fair" version of a casino video poker machine in which a
		deck is dealt randomly.  Regular casino rules apply.  This is
		a variation of the version that appeared in the October 1992
		of JUMPDISK, the Original Disk Magazine for the Amiga.
		Author:  Richard Ramella

CONTENTS OF DISK 0849
---------------------

AmigaPascal	This is a mini PASCAL compiler, which may be used for smaller 
		projects.  It is not yet quite complete and can only be run
		from the CLI.  Works on all Amigas, and OS versions from 1.2
		to 3.1.  Version 1.0, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

BackGammon	The computer version of the game.  This is a tiny little game
		which runs on Workbench.  Works on all Amigas, and OS versions
		from 1.2 to 3.1.  Version 0.9, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Igor Druzovic and Daniel Amor

CDTV-Player	A utility for all those people, who'd like to play Audio CD's
		while multitasking on WorkBench.  It's an emulation of CDTV's 
		remote control, but is a little more sophisticated.  Allows
		access to the archive even without a CDROM drive (i.e. AMIGA
		500-4000), although you can't play a CD.  Program and KARAOKE
		(live on-screen) included.  Recognizes CDs automatically.
		Version 1.8, an update to version 1.5 on disk 805.  Freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

MathPlot	A function plotter with lin/log plot, a complete KS 2.0 inter-
		face, and ARexx support.  Needs Kickstart/WorkBench 2.0 and
		mtool.library (included).  Version 2.01, an update to version
		1.04 on disk 573.  Shareware, source available from author.
		Author:  Ruediger Dreier

RRT		Demo of a real time mapping of a reflection of a graphic onto
		a sphere.  Is system friendly, multitasks, and uses an Intui-
		tion screen.  Written in C with small assembler assist.  In-
		cludes source.
		Author:  Adisak Pochanayon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0850
---------------------

4-Get-It	A fully playable version of an arcade quality puzzle game with
		10 levels.  The full version has almost 300 levels and 700K+
		additional graphics.  Impressive sound and graphics.  Requires
		1 MB.  Binary only.
		Author:  Adisak Pochanayon

FastGIF		A very fast GIF viewer with a graphical user interface, file
		requester, support for AGA chips set, support for viewing in
		a WorkBench window, IFF saving (registered version only), and
		GIF89a compability.  Includes English and French versions.
		Version II (1.01), an update to version 1.00 on disk 690.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Christophe Passuello

MineField	Another MineField program.  This one has nice graphics, sound,
		adjustable parameters, and a 3D look interface.
		Author:  Adisak Pochanayon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0851
---------------------

AmigaWorld	A database program that contains information about every
		country on Earth.  It enables you to have a look at the data
		of one country, or to compare several countries.  It is easy
		to handle, and you can use it with your favourite colors,
		font, and even language (at the moment there are English,
		German, Swedish and Dutch data files).  Requires 1MB of memory.
		This is freeware version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on Disk
		804, New features include information about currencies.
		Modula-2 source is available from the author.
		Author:  Wolfgang Lug

ArmyMiner	An utimate "XMines-type" game that integrates all of the best
		aspects of the previous Amiga versions of the game.  Options
		include:  Automatically mark or clean the neighbours of a
		square; Safe start (no explosion at first click); Safe click
		(gadget-like behavior for squares); Question marks (for con-
		figuration analysis).  You can also specify your own custom
		board settings.  The game has a very useful pause option,
		sound effects, high-score tables and a very nice interface.
		It works under OS v1.3 or 2.0, NTSC or PAL.  Version 1.0, 
		binary only.
		Author:  Alain Laferriere

GraphPaper	Creates graph paper.  You specify the size and number of cycles
		in both the X and Y directions.  Each major cycle may be
		divided into minor cycles and may be linear, logarithmic, or 
		log/log.  It will print the graph paper on any preferences
		supported graphics-capable printer.  Version 1.2, includes
		source.
		Author:  Bill Ames

HyperANSI	An ANSI editing program.  Allows you to edit up to 999 pages
		at a time, with a unique 'transparency' mode which allows you
		to 'see through' the pages ( and save as a single page ).
		Other features include; Copy, Move, Fill, Replace, Flood fill,
		Text alignment & justification, line drawing, character paint-
		ing (colors and/or text), half character painting, and keyboard
		remapping for all 255 IBM characters ...Plus more.  Version
		1.6, an update to version 1.02 on disk 803.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Mike D. Nelson

SingleFile	A small utility that can be used to determine if there are
		duplicate files or directories on a given volume.  It can be
		used to help save hard disk space and reduce backp times.
		CLI usage only, version 1.0, binary only, shareware
		Author:  Phil Dobranski

CONTENTS OF DISK 0852
---------------------

CPUClr		A small hack, inspired by CPUBlit, that replaces the BitClear
		routine of the graphics library with a highly optimized 68020
		(or higher) routine.  This results in about a 60% speed up on
		a 68020 and should be even more on a 68030/68040.  This is
		version 3.20, an update to version 2.0 on disk number 709,
		includes source.
		Author:  Peter Simons

OriginsDemo	Demo version of a commercial genealogy program.  The number
		of records is limited in practice only by available memory
		and storage.  You may track attributes of people, such as
		date and place of birth, death, burial, and marriages, and
		parent/child relationships.  Details such as baptism,
		immigration, and occupation are also allowed for.  Reports:
		individual, family group, pedigree, Ahnentafel, descendants,
		Tiny-Tafel, alphabetical lists.  Free-form text for sources
		and notes; display of IFF pictures; ARexx functions.  The
		demo version allows a limited number of records, has
		printing of some reports disabled, and has GEDCOM utilities
		removed.  Requires minimum 1 MB of ram, OS V1.3 or greater,
		and arp.library.  Version 1.06, binary only.
		Author:  Jeff Lavin

ReSourceDemo	Demo version of the commercial disassembler.  Very fast,
		intelligent, interactive.  Over 900 menu functions. Most of
		the Amiga structure names are available at the touch of a
		key (user-defined structures also supported).  Base-relative
		addressing, using any address register, is supported for
		disassembling C programs.  Choice of traditional 68K syntax
		or the new M68000 Family syntax.  Online hypertext help.
		Requires minimum 1 MB of ram, OS V1.3 or greater, and
		arp.library.  Version 5.12, an update to version 3.06 on disk
		number 232, binary only.
		Author:  Glen McDiarmid

CONTENTS OF DISK 0853
---------------------

ADtoHT		A program to convert AutoDoc-files to AmigaGuide-format.
		Creates links to functions and include-files.  Requires
		OS2.0+.  Version 1.01, includes source, freeware.
		Author:  Christian Stieber

AppISizer	An AppIcon utility to get the size of disks, directories or 
		files.  Gives the size in bytes, blocks and the actual size 
		occupied.  Now supports 5 tooltypes and command line options
		for the positioning and replacement of the internal AppIcon,
		and for the positioning of the output window.  Requires 
		KickStart 37.175 or higher.  Version 0.61, an update to 
		version 0.41 on disk number 802.  Binary only. 
		Author:  Gerard Cornu
            
Hyper		Will lead you through documents that are written to be used
		with the legendary `Am*gaGu*de' from Commodore.  An ARexx port
		gives access to it from other applications.  Requires OS 2.x.
		Version 1.17e, an update to version 1.15a on disk number 786.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

IconAuthorDemo	A replacement for IconEdit2.0.  It can transform IFF images or
		brushes into resized 2-BitPlane brushes or icon files that
		match the WorkBench2.0 colors.  Online help is available via
		`Hyper'.  Demo version limited to processing provided demo
		image only.  Requires OS 2.x.  Version 1.08, an update to
		version 1.06 on disk number 786.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

MapTrix		A texture map/backdrop generator featuring a large number
		of fractal effects, including mountains and clouds, wave
		synthesis, and "static" generators.  Also has some image
		processing tools, including emboss, ruffian, convolutions,
		resizing and smooth.  Supports DCTV if available.  Requires
		AmigaDOS 2.04+.  Version 1.0, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alexander D. DeBurie

PhxAss		PhxAss is a complete macro assembler, which supports the
		instruction-set and addressing modes of all important Motorola
		processors (MC68000,68010,68020,68030,68040,6888x and 68851).
		It understands all common assembler-directives and can generate
		not only linkable object-files but also absolute code, which
		can be written to memory, to a file or directly to disk using
		the 'trackdisk.device'.  In all cases the user has the oppor-
		tunity to choose between the large and small code/data-model.
		Version V3.00, an update to version V2.11 on disk 749.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Frank Wille

PhxLnk	  	Linker for Amiga-DOS object-files, which also supports the
		small-code/data model.  Version V1.35, an update to version
		V1.27 on disk 749.  Binary only.
		Author:  Frank Wille

QDisk		A Workbench 2.x or better program to display the space usage
		of your Amiga DOS devices.  (A WorkBench type "Info" command)
		Also shows other information relating to drives.  Supports tool
		types to position windows and set a warning flag when space
		usage becomes high.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Norman Baccari

CONTENTS OF DISK 0854
---------------------

DiskMate	A disk utility with multidrive disk copier (either DOS or non-
		DOS disks), disk formatter, disk eraser, disk installer, and
		floppy disk checker.  Version 4.1, an update to version 3.0
		on disk number 804.  Binary only.
		Author:  Malcolm Harvey

DRAFU		"Draw a function".  Display any mathematical function by itself
		or overlay on top of a previously displayed function.  Can also
		calculate integrals over those functions.  Save the result in
		an IFF or ACBM file (disabled in this demo version).  Many
		screen mode/display options.  Includes an AREXX interface and
		its own scripting language.  Version 0.82, compatible with
		WorkBench 1.2/1.3/2.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Kleinert & Ulrich Degens

Upcat		Disk catalog program.  Read file information from disks, store
		it in a catalog in memory.  Save/load catalogs to/from disk,
		display catalog in several ways, select files to be displayed,
		print (selection of) catalog, 32 user definable categories,
		add comment to files in catalog.  Version 1.0, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Frans Zuydwijk

CONTENTS OF DISK 0855
---------------------

Banner		A tiny utility to create - surprise, surprise - banners.
		By default BANNER uses an internal font that is ideal for
		title pages or sources headers.  You may also render your
		banner from any amiga font with (nearly) unlimited font size
		and variable aspect.  Version 1.4, binary only.
		Author:  Tobias Ferber

HWGRCS		Part 1 of a complete RCS 5.6 port to the Amiga currently at
		patch level 2.  It is not related to the old RCS on Disks 281,
		282 & 451,  but all new and shiny.  The Revision Control
		System (RCS) manages multiple revisions of text files.  RCS
		automates the storing, retrieval, logging, identification, and
		merging of revisions.  RCS is useful for text that is revised
                frequently.  For example: programs; documentation; graphics;
                papers; form letters; etc.  Included are RCS 5.6, GNU DIFF
		1.15 and LP as a neat V37 line print utility.  Complete sources
		are contained in part 2 of the distribution on disk number 856.
                Author:  Many, Amiga port by Heinz Wrobel, docs prepared by
			 Hans-Joachim Widmaier

KeyCall		Provides up to 10 hotkeys using F1-F10 and your choice of
		qualifier.  The advantage of using hotkeys as opposed to
		menu or docking programs etc, is of course, that the keyboard
		is always available regardless of the screen you are currently
		working in.  Compatible with both 1.3 and 2.x systems.
		Version 1.3.2, binary only.
		Author:  Mick Seymour

LP		A very powerful tool to prepare text files for printer output.
		Offers a great variety of options including indention, page
		headers, page numbering, multi-columns and WITH files.
		Includes TI and FILES, two utilities to check your printer
		output and create WITH files for LP.  Version 1.18, includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Tobias Ferber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0856
---------------------

ButlerJames	A database program designed primarily for address management,
		but can be used for other purposes as well.  Hotkey activated,
		allows you send selected groups of data directly to the
		keyboard input stream or printer.  Very useful to avoid having
		to continuously enter an often used address into your favorite
		word processor for example.  Compatible with OS 1.2/1.3/2.0
		Binary only.
		Author:  Christoph Zens  

DockImages	An ILBM Dock-Images-Picture with a collection of Dock-Images
		for AmiDock (Gary Knight) or the ToolManager (Stefan Becker)
		or a similar program.
		Author:  Various, collected and submitted by Wolf-Peter Dehnick

HWGRCS		Part 2 of a complete RCS 5.6 port to the Amiga currently at
		patch level 2.  It is not related to the old RCS on Disks 281,
		282 & 451,  but all new and shiny.  The Revision Control
		System (RCS) manages multiple revisions of text files.  RCS
		automates the storing, retrieval, logging, identification, and
		merging of revisions.  RCS is useful for text that is revised
                frequently.  For example: programs; documentation; graphics;
                papers; form letters; etc.  Included are RCS 5.6, GNU DIFF
		1.15 and LP as a neat V37 line print utility.  Binaries and
		documentation are contained in part 1 of the distribution on
		disk number 855.
                Author:  Many, Amiga port by Heinz Wrobel, docs prepared by
			 Hans-Joachim Widmaier

CONTENTS OF DISK 0857
---------------------

AnimBrushes	Eight AnimBrushes for use with ToolManager 2.0 (Copyright
		(C) 1990-92 Stefan Becker).  They have been designed for a
		four color non-interlaced hi-res screen.
		Author:  Gerard Cornu
            
Eval		A full-featured floating point expression evaluator that
		can assign variables, has many built-in functions and
		constants, allows input and output in any number base, and
		uses a C-like syntax for expression evaluation.  Full ANSI
		C source is included and easily portable to other platforms.
		Version 1.12, includes source.
		Author:  Will Menninger

MakePatch	Scans a file for changed, inserted or removed bytes and saves
		these changes to a small patchfile.  This file contains all the
		information for the supplied "Patch'Em" program to patch an
		old version into the new one.  Very useful and time-saving for
		sending updates to Beta testers for example.  Not just limited 
		to programs, you can use MakePatch/Patch'Em with all kinds of
		data; graphics, sound, lharc archives, etc.  Version v0.017,
		includes assembly source.  Requires OS 2.04 minimum.
		Author:  Peter Simons

SolitaireSamp	Sampler package of an integrated collection of five Solitaire
		card games.  Included are: Carlton, Martha, Pas Seul, Slider
		and Poker Squares.  Nicely done, with online help and instruc-
		tions.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Brown & Tower Software

UDraw		A drafting tool that is bitmap oriented rather than object
		oriented.  The original intent with UDraw was to provide 
		a mechanism for the rapid drawing of schematic diagrams.
		However, UDraw has applications beyond this original intent.
		Makes heavy use of "clip boards", files which contain clips
		of various items that are displayed simultaneously but behind
		the work area, parts of which can be lifted off and pasted to
		the working screen.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Ron Stefkovich.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0858
---------------------

DocDumpDrv	More printer drivers for DocDumpV3.6 (FF800).  Included are
		drivers for the HP-Deskjet+, HP-Deskjet500 and HP-Laserjet
		SeriesII.  The Laserjet version uses a softfont, which is
		included.
		Author:  Robert Grob

EPU		A program like Stacker or XPK that allows applications to
		access compressed data from AmigaDOS devices without knowing
		that the data is compressed, and automatically compresses
		new data.  The file size is not limited by memory and the
		settings of the handler can be changed at any time.  Version
		1.4, an update to version 1.0 on disk number 809.  Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Jaroslav Mechacek

SuperDark	A screen blanker with some special features.  It is similar
		to the AfterDark screen blanker in the PC and Mac worlds.
		Features include a lot of different screen effects, a screen
		locker, and more.  Version 1.5, an update to version 1.2 on
		disk number 835. Includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Landspurg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0859
---------------------

DCmp		A utility that allows you to compare two disks block by block.
		Written in order to check the reliability of the Video-Backup-
		System, (VBS),  DCmp can create a file containing a list of
		differing sectors which can be used in conjunction with a
		disk-editor to correct the defects.  Version 1.51, an experi-
		mental release.  Works with all Amigas using Kickstart 1.3
		or higher and supports req[tools].library.  Also comes with
		FCmp, a file compare utilility.  Includes C-source.
		Author:  Tobias Ferber

DirKing		A very powerful replacement for the AmigaDOS 'List' and 'Dir'
		commands.  It gives full control on the format of the directory
		listing and what information should be printed.  The directory
		can be sorted on any field, or on several fields in the order
		you want.  Supports many filters, such as name and date, and
		the filters can be made effective on files only, directories
		only or on both.  You can also define a pattern for each level
		of the directory tree.  Has an LFORMAT option which is useful
		for generating scripts.  A unique feature is the ability to
		monitor the scanning process.  English version supplied,
		German, French and Dutch versions available from the author.
		Version 2.12e, an update to version 2.11e on disk number 784.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

NewDate		A replacement for the AmigaDOS 'Date' command.  Besides the
		usual date options, NewDate enables date output in your own
		defined format.  NewDate also supports English, German, French,
		Dutch, Italian, Spanish, Danish, Finnish and Polish datenames.
		Version 1.10, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

PARex		Replace strings in any file, whether plain text files or pure
		binary files.  By using scripts you can define any number of
		search and replace strings to be used for processing a file.
		You can use all ASCII codes when defining these strings, so
		non-printable characters are no problem.  PARex makes patching
		files very easy.  Version 2.12, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

PPMC		The Powerpacker Mini Clone.  PPMC is powerpacker.library
		meeting gadtools.library.  It's a OS2.0+ utility, useful for
		packing and unpacking text and data files.  It has a complete
		CLI interface and is localized under OS2.1 and higher.  This
		is version 1.2c, an update to version 1.2b on disk 812.  Some
		new enhancements as the multiple file packing and/or unpacking
		under Shell and many code optimizations.  Includes Danish,
		Dutch and French catalogs, a 68030 version, hypertext docu-
		mentation and source for SAS/C.
		Author:  Reza Elghazi

CONTENTS OF DISK 0860
---------------------

AzMake		A work environment for Aztec C.  You can compile, assemble,
		link, print, etc your programs by clicking a gadget.  Typing
		in the Shell is out.  Version 2.3, an update to version 1.1
		on disk number 586.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Christian Friedel

bBaseIII	An easy to use, versatile, yet full featured database program.
		Search or sort on any field, (un)delete records, print mailing
		labels or envelopes, get printouts in many formats, scramble
		files, flag records, and more.  Fields are user-configurable,
		so bBase can be used to keep track of addresses, tape or video
		collections, recipe files, or anything else you can think of -
		one program does it all!  bBaseIII is a greatly enhanced
		successor to bBaseII.  Version 1.1, an upgrade to bBaseII,
		version V5.5 on disk 710.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

CConvert	A utility to convert IFF files to raw bitplane data.  It
		features options to create sprite data lists or interleaved
		bitmaps.  It can generate RAW files as well as linkable object
		files. Version 1.82. Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Klaus Wissmann

LazyBench	LazyBench is a utility for lazy people with a hard disk cram-
		med full of goodies which are difficult to reach because they
		are buried away in drawers inside drawers inside drawers in-
		side drawers...  Supports tools and projects and both OS 1.3
		and OS 2.xx versions are supplied with this distribution.
		LazyBench for the OS 1.3 opens a little window on the Work-
		bench screen and delivers a fully configurable menu which
		brings up to 30 applications at your fingertips.  LazyBench
		for the OS 2.xx adds an item under the Workbench "Tools" menu,
		installs itself as a Commodity and waits in the background.
		Use its hot key combination to pop its window and then select
		an application from a list of up to 100 applications.  Versions
		1.01 (OS 1.3) and 1.04 (OS 2.xx), an update to the version 1.00
		on disk number 839.  Binary only.
		Author:  Werther 'Mircko' Pirani

Minterm		Minimizes boolean algebra formulas.  Minterm can minimize
		formulas with up to 15 variables.  Version 2.0 for AmigaOS
		2.04 an higher. An old version (1.1) is included for users
		still requiring OS 1.2/1.3 compatibility.  Binary only
		Author:  Achim Pankalla

SysInfo		A brand new release of this popular program.  It reports
		interesting information about the configuration of your Amiga,
		including some speed comparisons with other configurations, 
		versions of the OS software, and much more.  Version 3.18,
		an update to version 3.11 on disk 820. Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0861
---------------------

AskReq		Yet another batchfile requester, similar but unrelated to the
		program of the same name on disk number 827.  Opens up a
		window, displays a message and solicits a Yes/No type answer
		from the user.  Requires OS2.x, version 1.00, both English
		and German versions and includes source in C++.
		Author:  Harald Pehl

KingFisher	A specialized database tool providing maintenance and search
		capabilities for the descriptions of disks in the format used
		by this library.  KingFisher's database can span multiple
		(floppy) disk volumes, can be edited by text editors that
		support long text lines, can add disks directly from unedited
		email or usenet announcements, can remove disks, rebuild a
		damaged index, find next or previous software versions, print
		or export (parts of) the database, and more.  Includes a data-
		base of disks 1-850.  This is version 1.30, an update to ver-
		sion 1.15 on disk 808.  Binary only.
		Author:  Udo Schuermann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0862
---------------------

BEAV		"Binary Editor And Viewer", is a full featured binary file
		editor.  Just about any operation that you could want to do
		to a binary file is possible with BEAV.  You can: Insert or
		delete in the middle of a file thereby changing it's size;
		Edit multiple files in multiple windows and cut and paste
		between them;  Display and edit data in hex, octal, decimal,
		binary, ascii, or ebcdic formats;  Display data in byte, word,
		or long word formats in either Intel or Motorola byte ordering;
		Send the formatted display mode to a file or printer.  The
		display and keyboard handling functions for BEAV are based on
		microemacs.  Version 1.40, portable, and includes source and
		makefiles for several other systems.
		Author:  Peter Reilley, Amiga port by Simon J Raybould

BioRhythm	An intuition based easy-to-use program that shows your 3 basic
		BioRhythms plus the average-"rhythm".  Take a look, dump it to
		your printer and make your plans for "when to do what".  This
		is version 2.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk 759.  This
		version has some new features and is 400% faster.  Binary only,
		PAL version.  C-Source available from author on request.
		Author:  Thomas Arnfeldt

GlobeAnim	An animation which displays a smoothly rotating earth.
		Includes separate versions for both PAL and NTSC systems.
		Author:  Hannu Mikkola

PhoneList	Simple phone list database, unique in the fact that it allows
		easy usage from either the WorkBench or CLI.  Allows you to
		add, delete, search and create an alpha-sorted list.
		Author:  Michael Hoffmann

ScopePrint	Simple program for displaying/printing Oscilloscope simulations
		of sine and square waves.  Presents you with a two-channel
		o-scope and allows you to input the frequency, phase, and
		amplitude of the signal(s).  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Wim Van den Broeck

CONTENTS OF DISK 0863
---------------------

GuiArc		A graphical user interface for cli-based archivers like lha,
		arc, ape, zoo, etc.  It has the 'look & feel' of a directory
		tool and can perform all basic actions on archives, such as
		Add, Extract, List, Test, Delete, etc.  You can enter archives
		as though they were directories.  You don't have to know any-
		thing about archivers.  Fully configurable (Archivers not
		included).  Version 1.10, requires AmigaDOS 2.0+, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Patrick van Beem.

Luffar		The game of Noughts and Crosses, the object is to get exactly
		five "Noughts" (six doesn't count!) in a row up/down/across
		or diagonally, before your opponent gets five "Crosses" in a
		similiar fashion.  0, 1 or 2 human players, rewind and ahead
		buttons.  Version 1.0, freeware, binary only. (Source available
		from author).
		Author:  Magnus Enarsson

Lyr-O-Mat	A simple, fun program designed to generate sentences out of a
		word list and a sentence pattern database.  German and English
		database included.  Version 1.0.  Binary only.
		Author:  Karlheinz Klingbeil of CEKASOFT

MPE		A compiler tool for users of the M2amiga programming environ-
		ment.  MPE does the same job better than your batch file.  You
		can do everything with the mouse or the right amiga key.  With
		this Modula-2 Programming Environment you can compile, link,
		and run your program.  When there is an error, the editor is
		started automatically.  You can set all switches for M2C, M2L
		M2Make, M2Project, and M2LibLink.  This is version 1.60, an
		update to version 1.38 on disk 766.  Binary only.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

NetMount	A tiny application that simplifies the ParNet mount procedure.
		You need ParNet (see dis 400) from The Software Distillery to
		use NetMount.  Binary only.
		Author:  Tobias Ferber

Noisome		A commodity that allows you to play sound samples when a key
		or mousebutton is pressed, or a disk is inserted or removed
		You can have different samples for the space and return keys
		as opposed to other keys, special samples for the mousekeys,
		a sample to be played instead of the visual display-"beep"
		and more...  The samples are played in mono or stereo, and two
		can be played simultaneously.  The audio allocation priority
		can also be set.  Includes several sound samples.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  David Larsson

PowerPlayer	A very powerful, user friendly and system friendly module
		player.  It can handle nearly all module-formats, can read
		powerpacked & xpk-packed modules and comes along with its
		own powerful cruncher that uses the lh.library.  Has a simple
		to use interface and an ARexx port.  Version 3.9, a major
		update to version 3.4 on disk 769, binary only, now shareware.
		(Previous versions were freeware.)
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0864
---------------------

Change		Small CLI-only program to translate numbers from one numbering
		system to another.  Binary, octal, decimal and hexadecimal
		numbers are supported.  Version 1.00, includes source in C++.
		Author:  Harald Pehl

MouseAccel	Yet another mouse accelerator, this one implemented as a
		commodity.  If you find the built-in accelerator too slow, try
		this one.  Requires at least AmigaOS 2.04.  Version 1.07, an
		update to version 1.01 on disk 497.  Includes german version
		and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

SCAN8800	A specialized database program to store frequencies and sta-
		tion names for shortwave transmitters.  It can also control
		a receiver for scanning frequency ranges.  Version 2.33, an
		update to version 2.28 on disk 812.  Binary only.
		Author:  Rainer Redweik

CONTENTS OF DISK 0865
---------------------

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector and exterminator.  Also detects other
		types of viri.  This version can detect:  126 Bootblock;
		12 Link; 23 File; 5 Disk-Validator; 5 Trojans; and 3 Bombs;
		Automatically checks each inserted disk for bootblock and
		disk-validator viruses.  Can scan all files of a specified
		directory for known link viruses, and constantly monitors
		memory and system vectors.  Version 2.0, an update to version
		1.8 on disk 842.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

Back&Front	Sends a window to the back or bring it to the front with
		defined actions.  For example, bring a window in front by
		double-clicking in it and send it back with the middle mouse
		button.  Any keyboard or mouse event can be trapped.  Number
		of required actions can be changed (double-click vs triple-
		click).  Implemented as a commodity.  Requires at least AmigaOS
		2.04.  Version 1.09, an update to version 1.03 on disk number
		497.  Includes german version and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

Genealogist	ArJay Genealogist is a specialized database for keeping track
		of genealogical information.  It features a full, easy to use
		Intuition interface.  The program is totally non-sexist and
		secular in nature, and correctly handles multiple marriages,
		"unconventional" marriages, adopted children, and unmarried
		parents.  The printed reports include descendant and pedigree
		charts, personal details reports, family group sheets, and
		index lists of people and families.  Free-form note files can
		be created using any editor, and IFF pictures can be viewed
		using any IFF viewer, from within the program.  Other features
		include dynamic on-screen ancestor and descendant charts,
		extensive online context-sensitive help, flexible "regular
		expression" searching, and multiple ARexx ports with an exten-
		sive command set.  Up to 1000 people per database, with data-
		bases held in RAM for maximum speed and responsiveness.  PAL or
		NTSC, AmigaDOS 2.04+ required.  1 Meg RAM recommended.  Version
		3.04, binary only.
		Author:  Robbie J Akins

CONTENTS OF DISK 0866
---------------------

CFX		Crunched File eXaminer allows the user to examine and find
		files using several different search criteria.  CFX knows a
		huge amount of the current Amiga filetypes, including a vast
		number of "cruncher" types.  CFX can also give in-depth dis-
		assemblies of crunched files, including most address crunched
		files, relocator crunched files, and some major archive crun-
		ched types.  This version requires kick 1.3 or 2.0.  Version
		5.275, an update to version 5.242 on disk number 750.  Binary
		only, freeware.
		Author:  Bob Rye and Marcus Mroczkowski

Degrader	Degrades your machine to try and get badly written programs
		to work.  Allows you to block memory, add non-autoconfig
		memory at reset, turn audio filter on or off, intercept
		privilege violation errors, switch off cache/burst modes and
		can slow down a fast machine.  Also can swap the boot drive
		and force 50Hz or 60Hz.  Will do things straight away, after
		one reset or after every reset.  Version 1.30, an update to
		version 1.00 on disk number 562.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames
	
DRED		The Disk REDucer.  This program allows the user to arrange
		data on a set of disks using a best fit algorithm. If you have
		ever found it difficult to figure just which files should go
		onto which floppy, then DRED is for you!  Most of the time
		(there are exceptions!) you can achieve 99% fullness of
		floppies/media.  Requires kick 1.3 or 2.0. Version 2.003.007,
		binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Bob Rye, Marcus Mroczkowski and Brett O'Callaghan

Floozy		Disassembles the Foozle FidoNet mail management system logfile
		into readable, human understandable statistics.  Floozy's out-
		put is clear and concise and fully covers all aspects of Floozy
		use.  All message base names, number of messages, and in/out
		packets/bytesizes are noted and further stats are calculated on
		these figures. Requires kick 1.3 or 2.0.  Version 1.0204,
		binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Bob Rye

Oscillograph	An emulation of an oscillograph, with five internal signal
		generators.  The internal signals can be freely edited, even
		mathematical functions can be used.  External signals can be
		used when a digitizer is connected to the Amiga.  This program
		can be used for learning, demonstration, and even simple
		technical applications.  The german original and the english
		translation are included, as well as a set of oscillations.
		Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Gentner

PC-TaskDemo	PC-Task is a software IBM-PC emulator.  It allows you to run
		the majority of IBM-PC software on your amiga with no
		additional hardware.  Runs just like a normal application
		allowing multitasking to continue.  The program has a
		graphical user interface and no additional filesystem/device
		mounting is required.  A few clicks with the mouse and it is
		operational.  VGA, EGA, CGA, MDA, Serial, Parallel, Mouse,
		2 Floppy drives and 2 Hard drives are emulated.  The hard
		drives can be partitions or hard drive files like the
		bridgeboard can use.  This is the demonstration version
		2.01 full version is available from the author.  Binary only.
		Author:  Chris Hames

Xerox4045	A printer driver for printers supporting the Xerox 2700
		command set.  The 4045 (a hulking 8 PPM laser unit), is
		probably the most popular member of this family, so it got
		the name.  The focus of this version was to get the dot
		graphic functions working.  This appears to be working
		correctly as printing from Professional Page V2.1 and Tax
		Break have been successful in 300X300 graphics mode.
		Version 1.0.
		Author:  Bob Schulien

CONTENTS OF DISK 0867
---------------------

CenterScreen	A commodity which centers the frontmost screen horizontally
		on hotkey.  Useful if you normally operate with overscan
		screens and an old program opens a normal size screen.
		Requires at least AmigaOS 2.04.  Version 1.07, an update to
		version 1.03 on disk 497.  Includes german version and source
		in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

ComplexPlot	Allows the transformation of a drawing by a complex function.
		The drawing can be edited with the mouse (line, circle and
		fill modes included), and generators for cartesic and polar
		nets can be used.  The freely editable complex function then
		changes the drawing in many interesting ways.  Both english
		and german versions are included (and some demo drawings).
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Gentner

DeluxePacMan	A pacman type game.  Commercial quality, with excellent
		graphics and responsiveness.  Automatically adjusts to either
		PAL or NTSC.  Can be controlled with a joystick, mouse, or
		keyboard.  Written in assembly.  Version 1.4, an upgrade to
		'PacMan' on disk 717.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Edgar M. Vigdal

GetDate		A small program that allows users with an A500 or A1000 with-
		out a Battery backed-up clock to set the date and time from
		the startup-sequence.  The user is prompted for the current
		date and time.  The last date/time entered becomes the default
		for the next boot.  Binary only.
		Author:  James Weir

LeftyMouse	Yet another LeftyMouse, this one implemented as a commodity.
		Swaps the left and right mousebutton for lefties.  Requires
		at least AmigaOS 2.04.  Version 1.06, an update to version
		1.04 on disk 497.  Includes german version and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

CONTENTS OF DISK 0868
---------------------

CDTV-Player	A utility for all those people, who'd like to play Audio-CD's,
		while multitasking on workbench.  It's an emulation of CDTV's
		remote control, but is a little more sophisticated.  Access
		to the archive even without a CD-ROM-Drive (i.e. AMIGA 500-
		4000), although you can't play a CD.  PROGRAM & KARAOKE (live
		on-screen) included.  Recognizes CDs automatically.  AREXX-Port
		for usage in other programs.  Version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.8 on disk number 849.  FISH-WARE, binary only.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

MouseBlanker	Blanks the mouse pointer after a defined timeout or if you
		press any key.  Implemented as a commodity.  Requires at least
		AmigaOS 2.04.  Version 1.21, an update to version 1.13 on disk
		497.  Includes german version and source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

Request		Opens the OS 2.0 autorequester from script files.  Title, text,
		gadgets and publicscreen of the requester can be changed by
		commandline options.  Requires at least AmigaOS 2.04.  Version
		1.04, an update to version 1.00 on disk 497.  Includes source
		in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

RussianFont	Three Russian Vector Fonts, with a special Russian keymap that
		matches the Russian typewriter.  These fonts are compatible
		with Russian Fonts found under WINDOWS (=> easy exchange).
		Version 3.0, update to version on disk number 805.  Designed
		with FontDesigner.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

SMaus		A highly configurable "SUN-mouse" utility, implemented as a
		commodity with a graphical user interface.  It activates the
		window under the mouse pointer if you move or after you have
		moved the mouse or if you press a key.  You can specify titles
		of windows which shall not be deactivated using wildcards.
		Requires at least AmigaOS 2.04, uses locale.library if avail-
		able.  Includes english and german docs, german catalog file.
		Version 1.17.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

CONTENTS OF DISK 0869
---------------------

Clock		A simple Clock program but with the handy feature that you can
		"snapshot" the clock to stay with any screen or it can be free
		to pop to the frontmost screen automatically.  Up to 4 alarm
		times can be set, which can simply put up a requester or
		cause some program to run in background.  Hourly chimes can
		also be made to run a program (I.E. a sound sample player).
		Uses locale.library with OS2.1+  Version 2.00, binary only.
		Author:  Bernd Grunwald

CL_SEP92	This is the September 1992 release of CheatList for the Amiga.
		Cheatlist is a collection of various forms of help (cheats,
		hints, codes, etc.) for Amiga games.  Included in the package
		is PokeList, a similar file which details pokes usable with the
		Action Replay cartridge.  The September release covers 500
		games, and on average, another forty games are added each
		release.  Shareware.
		Author:  Various, compiled by Peter Monk

Uhr		A small configurable digital clock (Uhr is german for "clock"),
		that makes use of the FormatDate() function in WorkBench 2.1's
		locale.library.  Requires at least Kickstart 2.04 and WorkBench
		2.1.  Version 1.03, an update to the version on disk 757.
		Includes source in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

CONTENTS OF DISK 0870
---------------------

AmigaGuide	Archive distribution of the AmigaGuide hypertext utility direct
		from Commodore.  Contains developer examples and tools for
		AmigaGuide under V34/V37 and V39, plus a new free print/sign/
		send-in distribution license for AmigaGuide, amigaguide.lib-
		rary, WDisplay, and their icons.
		Author:  Commodore Business Machines

FollowMouse	A pair of small blinking eyes following the mouse movements
		on the screen.  Runs from both the WorkBench and CLI.  Version
		1.2, an update to the version on disk number 757.  Includes
		source in PASCAL.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

Installer	Archive distribution of the Amiga Installer utility direct from
		Commodore.  Contains V1.24 of the Installer, documentation and
		examples for developers to use when developing their software.
		Also contains various enhancements and fixes detailed in the
		documentation enclosed.  The documentation has also been
		enhanced and brought up to date.
		Author:  Commodore Business Machines

SoftProtect	A software disk write-protection.  With the permission of the
		user, disables floppy writes even on write-enabled disks.
		Switches to enable/disable states with a gadget.  Runs from
		both WorkBench and CLI.  An update to 'AskFirst' on disk
		number 753.  Includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

StackCheck	A program that determines the maximum stack usage of another
		program.  It uses a completely different method than all
		the other stack-watching programs like WatchStack or Xoper
		and is very reliable.  In most cases it does not require any
		CPU time to do its work.  Version 1.0, includes source for
		Aztec C and GNU C.
		Author:  Gunther Rohrich

SWAP		Memory management may be considered as one of the weak points
		of Amiga OS.  SWAP was written as a trial to provide swapping
		for Amigas without any special hardware.  The main intention
		is to let the user choose a task, swap it to disk so that its
		occupied memory is released, and do other things.  Later on,
		he could swap the program back to main memory and let it
		continue from the point it was interrupted.  Includes source
		in C and assembly.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

WindowShuffle	Activates and brings to front next or previous window with
		hotkeys.  Hotkeys can be changed.  Implemented as a commodity.
		Requires at least AmigaOS 2.04.  Version 1.07, an update to
		version 1.05 on disk 497.  Includes german version and source
		in C.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

CONTENTS OF DISK 0871
---------------------

ABackup		A very powerful backup utility that may be used both for hard
		disk backup and for file archiving.  Has a full Intuition
		interface, a "batch" mode, can save/load file selection, handle
		HD floppies, use any external compression program, etc...
		Includes both English and French versions.  Version 2.43, an
		update from version 2.40 on disk 838.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle.

DImpWin		A GUI interface for Disk-Imploder (included) by A.J. Brouwer.
		DImp is one of the most efficient disk archivers available
		for the Amiga.  It offers 7 different levels of compression,
		the ability to create self-extracting archives, MULTIPLE
		CYLINDER RANGES, ability to work with any floppy compatible
		device (such as RAD: & FMS disks) and it can also add a text-
		file to the archive that will be displayed during extraction.
		Via the GUI interface,  DImp-Win will invoke DImp and tell it
		what to do.  DImp-Win version 1.0, DImp version 2.27.  Requires
		AmigaOS 2.04+.  Binary only.
		Author:  Colin Bell (DImp-Win) and A.J. Brouwer (DImp)

Planetarium	An astronomy program which displays and animates the planets
		of the solar system at specific times.  Useful for quickly and
		easily determining the best times to view the planets, observ-
		ing retrograde, etc.  Version 1.0, OS 1.3, 2.x, 3.0 compatible.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jim Schwartz

StatRam		Stat-RAM or 'SD0:' is a very fast recoverable ram drive that
		takes advantage of FFS under WB2 or FFS International under
		WB2.1 or 3.  This work is based on ASDG's 'VD0:'.  ASDG-RAM
		has been reliable for many years since it was placed in the
		PD.  However it has always been slow because it uses OFS, or
		old file system.  On an accelerated machines, SD0: is up to 7
		times faster, and averages 5 times faster than the original
		VD0:.  It's also 4 to 5 times faster than RRD.  It survives
		the deepest re-boot, even the ColdReboot of rekicking a KS
		file.  Version 1.5, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Waspe

TrashIcon	A WorkBench 2.x application icon to delete files.  Puts an
		icon at a possibly user defined position on the WorkBench
		screen, that deletes all files that are dragged onto it.  This
		is version 1.4, an update to version 1.2 on disk number 839.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Mark McPherson

UnivConq	A strategy game where two human players battle for control of
		the universe.  The game has several variables that allow the
		players to vary the density of planets, the initial number of
		ships, and the length of play.  Status information is contin-
		ually updated to allow the player to concentrate on strategy,
		not statistics.  Includes digitized pictures and sound.
		Version 1.08.  Compatible with WB 1.3 & 2.x.  Binary only.
		Author:  Randy Wing

CONTENTS OF DISK 0872
---------------------

Convert		A units conversion utility inspired by "Units" ( by Gregory
		Simpson) but is easier to use and can be customized by changing
		the data file (conv.dat) alone and does not require recompila-
		tion of the program.   V1.3, binary only.
		Author:  David Whitmore.

ToolManager	Part 1 of a 2 part release of the very popular program by 
		Stefan Becker.  This part contains LHA archives of the binary
		files and graphics.  Part 2 can be found on disk number 873.
		ToolManager is a full featured program for either WorkBench
		or CLI tool management.  Includes the ability to add menu
		items to the 2.x "Tools" menu, add WorkBench icons or dock
		Windows.  Features multi-column docks that automatically
		detect largest image size, ARexx, sound and Locale support.
		Version 2.1, an update to version 2.0 on disk number 752.
		Includes source, lots of graphic images, and programmers
		support for using the toolmanager.library.  Requires 2.x for
		full functionality
		Author:  Stefan Becker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0873
---------------------

Cross		A program that creates crossword puzzles.  Has a message
		data file to allow easy translation into almost any human
		language, with English and German currently supported.
		This is version 5.1, an update to version 4.1 on disk 537.
		Includes source in M2Amiga Modula-2.
		Author:  Jurgen Weinelt

FInf 		A very versatile directory listing utility.  It can examine the
		contents of files and display a short type description.  In
		addition, FInf has a whole slew of options that allow you to
		filter files by type, date, age, size etc., as well as recur-
		sive directory descending, and adjustable output formatting.
		So next to simply listing directories, FInf is extremely useful
		for creating hybrid commands that perform functions closely
		tuned to your specific needs.  Version 1.15, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Struijk

MRIconSort	MRIconSort is a nifty little tool which will alphabetically
		sort and align your icons and optionally create icons for files
		and drawers which don't have them.  If you have drawers with
		tons of icons which are a hopeless jumble, this program is for
		you!  Version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  Mark R. Rinfret

ToolManager	Part 2 of a 2 part release of the very popular program by
		Stefan Becker.  This part contains an LHA archive of the
		source, TeX docs and programmer's support files.  Part 1 can
		be found on disk number 872.  ToolManager is a full featured
		program for either WorkBench or CLI tool management.  Includes
		the ability to add menu items to the 2.x "Tools" menu, add
		WorkBench icons or dock Windows.  Features multi-column docks
		that automatically detect largest image size, ARexx, sound and
		Locale support.  Version 2.1, an update to version 2.0 on disk
		number 752.  Includes source, lots of graphic images, and
		programmer's support for using the toolmanager.library.
		Requires 2.x for full functionality.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0874
---------------------

DFA		NOT just another address utility.  DFA(ddress) features email
		support, dialing, different types of printing addresses, full
		commodity support, application icon, Arexx port, font sensitive
		windows and can be fully directed by the keyboard.  This is
		version 1.23, lots of enhancements and bug fixes since version
		1.1 on disk number 782.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dirk Federlein

TWA		A commodity that  remembers the last active window on any
		screen.  If screens are shuffled, the window is automatically
		re-activated, when that screen is brought to front.  Version
		1.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk number 781.  Binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Scheler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0875
---------------------

ADoc		A help utility for the Amiga.  Features include automatic
		search of any work on which you clicked, ability to use Auto-
		Doc and AmigaGuide files, support of locale.library, an AREXX
		port, and more.  Version 3.01, an update to version 1.21 on
		disk number 747.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

APrf		A print utility with a full Intuition interface, a preview
		function, page selection, line numbering, multi-columns mode,
		customizable headers and footers, an AREXX port, an AppWindow,
		and more.  Includes both English and French versions.  Version
		2.11, an update to version 1.40 on disk number 747.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

AZap		A "new generation" binary editor, able to edit files, memory
		or devices like hard disks.  It can open several windows at
		the same time, supports locale.library, and handles all OS3.0
		file systems.  This is version 2.04, an update to version 1.00
		on disk number 759.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

Blanker		An attempt to provide the Amiga community with a future-
		compatible, easily expandable screen blanker.  Provides a
		a platform for others to write custom screen blanker modules
		and not have to worry about the  difficulties associated with
		setting up a Commodities interface and dealing with concur-
		rency problems.  Version 2.3, includes source and several
		sample blanker modules.
		Author:  Michael D. Bayne

KillAGA		Allows you to run old, badly written, programs (mainly demos
		and some games) from your A1200/4000 hard disk without having
		to continually reboot and switch chip settings.  On return from
		the program, the system returns to full AGA state.  Version
		2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jolyon Ralph

SeekSpeed	Measures the seek performance of any valid device.  It works
		by using the system's very accurate E clock and measures the
		time taken for seeking and reading varying numbers of sectors
		under both sequential and random access.  Every test is per-
		formed 100 times if possible, and the average reported.  GUI
		interface, can be run form the CLI or WB, Requires OS2.04+.
		Version 37.12, binary only.
		Author:  Richard Waspe

CONTENTS OF DISK 0876
---------------------

ArmyMiner	An ultimate "XMines-type" game that integrates all of the best
		aspects of the previous Amiga versions of the game.  Options
		include:  Automatically mark or clean the neighbours of a
		square; Safe start (no explosion at first click); Safe click
		(gadget-like behavior for squares); Question marks (for con-
		figuration analysis).  You can also specify your own custom
		board settings.  The game has a very useful pause option,
		sound effects, high-score tables and a very nice interface.
		It works under OS v1.3 or 2.0, NTSC or PAL.  Version 1.1, an
		update to version 1.0 on disk number 851.  Binary only.
		Author:  Alain Laferriere

BattleStar	A fun text-based adventure game.  It is reminiscent of Dungeon
		(aka Zork) and Adventure.  You start out on a space ship under
		attack and must get off and back to the planet.  Ported from
		UNIX, with very little "amiga-i-zation".  Runs from the CLI
		only.  Includes source.
		Author:  David Riggle, Amiga port by David Ingebretsen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0877
---------------------

Lyapunovia	A  mindboggingly colorful program that produces fractal
		pictures from a simple mathematical formula called "Lyapunov
		Space".  Lyapunovia pictures vary from colorful candy to mean
		metal (or something), offering you everything you ever wanted
		in visual representation of mathematical abstractions.  Lyapun-
		ovia has been tested on all Amigas from WB1.2 to 3.1.  The
		program supports AGA graphics, floating point units, 68020+
		CPUs, and 24-bit output (to 65000 x 65000 pixels!).  A zoom
		factor of 10,000,000,000,000,000 is possible.  Version 1.5,
		an update to V1.0 on disk 784.  This is the full program, the
		difference between the unregistered and the registered version
		has been eliminated.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Jesper Juul

CONTENTS OF DISK 0878
---------------------

bBaseIII	An easy to use, versatile, yet full featured database program
		that will run on any Amiga.  Search or sort on any field, print
		mailing labels, (un)delete records, mail merge, get reports in
		many formats, scramble files, flag records, and more.  Fields
		are user-configurable, so bBase can be used to keep track of
		addresses, tape or video collections, recipe files, or anything
		else you can think of - one program does it all!  bBaseIII is
		a greatly enhanced successor to bBaseII.  Version 1.3, an
		update to version 1.1 on disk number 760.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

DockBrushes	Fifty plus 16-color dock brushes for use with ToolManager,
		AmiDock, or just as Icons.
		Author:  David Voy

DrChip		Four utilities to make your C programming life a little easier.
		Included are:  ccb -- A C-source code indentation beautifier;
		flist -- generates lists of functions from either C or C++
		files; hdrtag -- ViM, Z, and emacs support tags; toproto --
		converts source code to and from old K&R style to the new
		prototype-using style.  Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Dr. Charles E. Campbell, Jr.

Scypmon		Machine-language monitor with many features.  Provides you with
		all functions like assembler, disassemble, search, transfer,
		fill, trackloadings etc.  Version 1.7, fixes 2 nasty bugs of
		version 1.6 and should now run without errors.  Binary only.
		Author:  Joerg Bublath

CONTENTS OF DISK 0879
---------------------

DiskTest	A utility to test the integrity of floppy and hard disks, a
		la Norton Utilities.  Version 2.10, an update to version 2.03
		on disk 828.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or later.  Public domain,
		includes source.
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti.

Find		A pattern matching program which uses the weighted Levensthein
		distance algorithm.  Requires OS1.04 or later.  Commodity and
		Arexx Support.  Manual in AmigaGuide format.  Version 1.0,
		Includes source.
		Author:  Karlheinz Klingbeil

Millim		A utility that generates millimetered paper with linear or
		logarithmic scale (both in x and in y) on a PostScript line
		printer (on whatever printer, with a PostScript interpreter
		like Post from Adrian Aylward, disk 669).  Public domain,
		includes source in PostScript.
		Author:  Maurizio Loreti.

Watcher		A little title-bar commodity  which can be customized to show
		various information such as the free space on hard drive par-
		titions, free memory, system time and  date  etc.  Font and
		Overscan sensitive, can jump between public screens by clicking
		on it's Zoom gadget.  Includes WatcherPrefs, a utility that
		allows you to customize what Watcher displays and its general
		behavior.  Version V37, includes source
		Author:  Franz Hemmer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0880
---------------------

Oberon		This is a freely distributable demo version of a powerful
		compiler for Oberon-2.  Oberon-2 is one of the most modern
		object-oriented languages.  This language was designed with the
		aim to increase the power of Modula-II and to extend it with
		object-oriented facilities while reducing its complexity.
		This implementation features a parallel incremental garbage-
		collector, a runtime source-level debugger, fast compilation,
		optimized code, language extensions to access AmigaOS, etc.
		Version 3.0, an update to version 1.16 on disk 380.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert

SnapWindow	A small utility that allows you to attach window activation/
		pop window-to-front to function keys.  This allows you to
		instantly find and activate the desired window.  Also includes
		a sunmouse and screen blanker.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jason Scott Chvat

CONTENTS OF DISK 0881
---------------------

CopyC_DEMO	A Disk Tool for making backup copies, formatting, relabeling,
		installing, etc.  Includes selective tracks, doscopy, block-
		copy, ramcopy, bitmapcopy, syncwords, and more.  Written in
		assembly.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Ludwig Huber

Lyr-O-Mat	A simple, fun program designed to generate sentences out of a
		word list and a sentence pattern database.  German and English
		database included.  Version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on
		disk number 863.  Includes source.
		Author:  Karlheinz Klingbeil

PrintFiles	A freely redistributable print utility to replace the standard
		workbench Printfiles command.  Supports Arexx, application
		icon, and setting up a print list with unlimited number of
		entries.  Requires OS 2.04.  Includes two versions, V1.4e
		in English and V1.4d in German, an update to V0.91 on disk
		number 683.  Binary only.
		Author:  Karlheinz Klingbeil

Shuffle		A small game to play whenever you haven't something else to
		do.  Turns your workbench into a "sliding-block" type puzzle
		game.  Requires OS2.04 or later.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Karlheinz Klingbeil

CONTENTS OF DISK 0882
---------------------

GALer		GALs (Generic Array Logic) are programmable logic devices.
		"GALer" is the software and the hardware which is necessary
		to program your own GALs.  The supported GAL-types are
		GAL16V8, GAL16V8A, GAL16V8B and GAL20V8, GAL20V8A, GAL20V8B.
		The circuit diagram for the GAL device programmer is avail-
		able from the author.  Version 1.4, an update to version 1.3
		on disk number 633.  Now includes both English and German
		versions.  Shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Christian Habermann

Solit		A freely-distributable, non-Klondike, solitaire card game for
		the Amiga under Workbench 2.x.  Version 1.06, binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Felix R. Jeske

CONTENTS OF DISK 0883
---------------------

BBBBS		Baud Bandit Bulletin Board System.  Written entirely in ARexx
		using the commercial terminal program "BaudBandit".  Features
		include up to 99 file libraries with extended filenotes, up to
		99 fully threaded message conferences, number of users, files,
		messages, etc. are only limited by storage space, controlled
		file library and message conference access for users and
		sysops, interface to extra devices like CD-ROM and others,
		all treated as read only, complete Email with binary mail and
		multiple forwarding, user statistics including messages
		written, files uploaded or downloaded, time, etc, plus much
		more.  Now includes a complete offline reader/answer called
		bbsQUICK.rexx.  This is version 5.9, an update to version 5.7
		on disk 761.  Includes complete ARexx source.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

bbsQUICK	An offline read/reply/upload/download module for BBBBS.
		Complete GUI with support for multiple BBBBS systems.  Includes
		complete ARexx source.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

CONTENTS OF DISK 0884
---------------------

AII		The Archiving Intuition Interface makes things easier if you
		are archiving or dearchiving files.  You can do it all with
		the click of a mouse button, instead of typing in a whole line
		in the CLI.  Version 1.38, an update to version 1.35 on disk
		825.  Supports several archiving formats including LHa, Zoo,
		Arc, UnArj, and UnZip.  Requires reqtools.library.  Shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Paul Mclachlan

BackUP		A freely distributable, shareware hard drive backup program
		that features a custom Intuition interface, multi-floppy drive
		support, high-density drive support, incremental/full backups,
		on-the-fly compression using lh.library, optional verify, two
		types of backup logs, safe-backups and a restorable config-
		uration.  BackUP requires Workbench 2.x, 1MB RAM and lh.library
		V1 (supplied).  Version 3.88 is an update to V3.77 on disk
		number 724, containing new features, some optimizations and a
		few bug fixes.  Binary only.
		Author:  Felix R. Jeske

Budget93	Ernie's Budget program for maintaining checking, credit card
		accounts and personal budgets.  Journal input accounting for
		each checking and card account.  Automatic distribution of
		journal entries into account categories.  Reports by month for
		journal and account categories.  Example journals included.
		Version 10.00, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Ernie Nelson

P-Compress	A compression program that produces smaller files faster than
		any other current general-purpose cruncher, using LZH com-
		pression algorithms.  Can handle single files, whole drawers,
		disks, or selected files or types of files within drawers and
		disks.  Includes compression and decompression object files
		which can be linked to your own programs to allow them to
		access and output data in LZH format.  Version 2.9, an update
		to version 2.5 on disk 760.  Provides compatibility with OS.3.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham, LZH code by Barthel/Krekel

PostSplit	Update of the Pagestream Postscript file splitter found in the
		PSTools directory of disk 732.  Also includes a couple of text
		files: pgsfonts.lst -- a listing of the most common DMF Page-
		stream font ID numbers.  Useful for finding what fonts were
		used in a document.  Adobe.lst -- Listing of the ID numbers
		from the 750 most common Adobe fonts found on the Amiga and
		PC.  Postsplit version 1.05, includes source.
		Author:  Ian Parker

QuickTrans	All 17 functions of mathtrans.library and also of mathieeesing-
		tras.library.  Faster and about as accurate as Commodore's
		libraries.  Mathtrans.library trig functions over twice as
		fast; log and exponential about 3 times as fast.  Mathtrans.
		library is update of quicktrans on disk number 592.  Mathieee-
		singtrans.library is new, with most speed gains comparable to
		those of mathtrans.library.  Log and tan are about 4 times as
		fast as Commodore's.  Version 100, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Combs

S-Anim5		Turns Anim5 animations (DPaint, Videoscape, P-Animate etc.)
		into self-contained self-displaying compressed files callable
		from the Workbench or CLI.  As with S-Text and S-Pic these
		solve all decompression and display problems and save a lot of
		space as well.  No compiling needed.  Version 1.1, freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

S-Pic		Turns IFF ILBM pics into completely self-contained self-
		displaying compressed files callable from the Workbench or CLI.
		As with S-Text (on disk number #817), S-Pic will give you
		space-saving files which can be distributed without having to
		bother about display and decompression compatibility.  No
		compiling needed.  Version 1.2, freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A. Wyndham

CONTENTS OF DISK 0885
---------------------

False		The language FALSE and it's compiler were designed for only
		two reasons: building a working compiler in just 1k (!) and
		designing a language that looks cryptic and fuzzy (in the APL
		tradition).  The result is a language that is quite powerful
		(for it's size).  It's a Forth type language with lambda
		abstraction and lots of other goodies.  Version 1.1, includes
		source.
		Author:  Wouter van Oortmerssen

KCommodity	Part 1 of a 2 part release of this popular commodity.  This
		part contains the binaries, docs, and support files.  Part 2
		contains an LhA archive of the sources and may be found on
		disk number 886.  KCommodity is a multifunctional commodity
		for OS 2.0.  Includes window-activator, time-display in several
		modes and formats, alarm function, KeyStroke-Clicker, time to
		environment, Window/Screen cycling, LeftyMouse, ESC-Key can
		close Windows, Revision Control System, telefone bill calcu-
		lator, Screen/Mouse-Blanker, Mapping of german "Umlauts", PopUp
		Shell, AppIcon support, user definable HotKeys, Exploding Win-
		dows, Screen Dimmer, Mouse accelerator and more.  Fully con-
		trollable via ARexx-Port.  Completely rewritten UserInterface
		and several new functions like TagScreens in enhanced version,
		Display dump (which may dump to a file, too), localized and
		much more.  Again "some" bugfixes were made.  Version 2.5a, an
		update to version 2.00 on disk number 746.  Requires OS 2.0 or
		later.  Written in assembly for speed and efficiency.
		ShareWare, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

CONTENTS OF DISK 0886
---------------------

GoalKeeper	Computer Soccer administration program.  With this program you
		can create your own mini-League with up to eight teams.  Is fit
		for the European and the UK way of counting scores.  Now you
		can really find out who's the best at 'Kick Off 2','Sensible
		Soccer' or real soccer!  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Camiel Rouweler

KCommodity	Part 2 of a 2 part release of this popular commodity.  This
		part contains an LhA archive of the sources.  Part 1 contains
		the binaries, docs, and support files and may be found on
		disk number 885.  KCommodity is a multifunctional commodity
		for OS 2.0.  Includes window-activator, time-display in several
		modes and formats, alarm function, KeyStroke-Clicker, time to
		environment, Window/Screen cycling, LeftyMouse, ESC-Key can
		close Windows, Revision Control System, telefone bill calcu-
		lator, Screen/Mouse-Blanker, Mapping of german "Umlauts", PopUp
		Shell, AppIcon support, user definable HotKeys, Exploding Win-
		dows, Screen Dimmer, Mouse accelerator and more.  Fully con-
		trollable via ARexx-Port.  Completely rewritten UserInterface
		and several new functions like TagScreens in enhanced version,
		Display dump (which may dump to a file, too), localized and
		much more.  Again "some" bugfixes were made.  Version 2.5a, an
		update to version 2.00 on disk number 746.  Requires OS 2.0 or
		later.  Written in Assembler for speed and efficiency.
		ShareWare, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

PatchLibrary	This is the initial release of the patch.library programmer's
		pack.  It provides easy-to-use functions to safely install
		custom code for library functions.  Two example programs
		ShowNeededFiles and CPUClear demonstrate how the library works.
		ShowNeededFiles patches dos.library to print messages whenever
		Open(), LoadSeg() or Lock() is called.  CPUClear patches
		graphics.library/BltClear() to use the CPU instead of the
		Blitter.  Version 1.55, assembly source is included for the
		example programs.
		Author:  Stefan Fuchs

Pyramid		A program that create pyramids under the POV raytracer author-
		izing the user to set up parameters such as the height, the
		texture, the number of stages, etc... and that allows one to
		choose the pyramid as desired.  French and English versions,
		with two example pictures.  Version 2.0, Binary only.
		Author:  Nicolas Mougel

TextPort	Four text porting utilities: StripCR -- strips the CR character
		from the end-of-line codes of MSDOS text files, for AmigaDOS
		or unix compatibility.  AddCR -- converts AmigaDOS text files
		to MSDOS, but doesn't touch EOL codes that are already comp-
		atible.  StripHR -- strips out hard returns from a text file,
		leaving paragraph formatting intact.  Useful for wordproces-
		sors.  Reformat -- re-wraps a text file to a different line
		length.  Version 1.0, PD, includes source.
		Author:  Alex Matulich, Unicorn Research Corporation

TrackEd		A disk sector editor with user friendly hexadecimal/ASCII edit
		possibilities.  Data can be searched on part of a disk or the
		whole disk in four different ways.  Works with all DFx: drives.
		OS2.0 or higher required.  Version 1.24, includes source.
		Author:  Camiel Rouweler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0887
---------------------

ARTM		Amiga Real Time Monitor.  Displays and controls system activ-
		ity such as tasks, windows, libraries, devices, resources,
		ports, residents, interrupts, vectors, memory, mounts, assigns,
		locks, fonts, hardware, res_cmds, a little SystemMonitor and
		display the last Alert.  Version 1.7, an update to version 1.6
		on disk 652.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Dietmar Jansen and F. J. Mertens

FHSpread	A Spreadsheet program that uses its own custom screen.  Can
		be switched between hires, laced and PAL, NTSC.  Version 1.71,
		should work on any amiga with at least 1MB.  Binary only.
		Author:  Frank Hartog

JACOsub		Timed script player for professional-quality video titling.
		Extremely flexible script format allows generation of
		outlines & shadows around multiple fonts, complete control
		over position, style, margins, color, auto-wordrapping, etc.
		Time events may be non-sequential and overlapping.  Displays
		IFF graphics with the title text.  Several 3rd-party script
		formats supported.  True multiple-video buffering for super-
		clean transitions between displays.  On-the-fly shift and
		ramp time adjustments.  Thoroughly tested by many users.
		Version 1.5 shareware, binary only, includes demo and fonts.
		Author:  Alex Matulich, Unicorn Research Corporation

ThrowMouse	A Workbench tool that replaces often used mouse clicks through
		icon tooltypes.  May be used with WBStartup to open any work-
		bench drawer etc.  Version 0.70, freeware, binary only, with
		source available from the author.
		Author:  Roland Mainz

MakeLink	A replacement for the CBM "MakeLink", fully compatible.
		Features are soft & hard links, links to files & directories
		and link loop warnings.  Version 0.90, freeware, binary only,
		with source available from the author.
		Author:  Roland Mainz

NBuff		Rewrite of A.C.R. Martin's original DBuff double-buffer
		routines from an early library disk.  No more memory leaks nor
		misuse of MrgCop()!  The JACOsub video titler uses NBuff.
		NBuff allows any number of video buffers, not just two.
		A single #define makes it fast and Intuition-unfriendly
		(like DBuff) or friendly (which is a bit slower).  Another
		#define controls whether NBuff will or will not use the Layers
		library for transparent, automatic buffer boundary clipping.
		Version 2.2, PD, C source + binary demo.  Docs in NBuff.c.
		Author:  Alex Matulich, Unicorn Research Corporation

SegTextMaster	A little tool for programmers who need to use large amounts of
		text in their programs (I.E. adventure games).  It creates an
		array of characters with a header.  Makes compiling/assembly
		time very quick and reduces space requirements.  Requires
		AmigaDOS 1.2 or higher.  Version 1.0, binary only, sample
		source for application included.
		Author:  Titus v. Kraft

X10Commander	Allows owners of the X10(R) CP290 HOME CONTROL INTERFACE to
		program the 128 event capable interface or send direct commands
		through it to control lights, appliances, etc...  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Gregory MacKay

CONTENTS OF DISK 0888
---------------------

CFN		When working in the Shell, allows you to complete filenames
		by just hitting the <TAB> key in a manner similar to that
		commonly found on UNIX systems.  When similar filenames exist,
		CFN will complete the file name up to the point they differ,
		then wait for you to add more characters, after which you can
		simply press the <TAB> key again to complete a unique file
		name.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Andreas Gunther

MainActor	A modular animation package containing modules for various
		animation and picture formats.  You can create/edit/time/play
		animations of any size.  An arexx port is integrated.  Version
		1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Markus Moenig

NewList		The ultimate 'ls'.  Fast, small, powerful, and fully config-
		urable.  Features include links, networking, Envoy, mufs,
		assign adds, datatypes, a pager, complete output formatting
		(date,header,etc), various recursions, and all the sorts and
		filters a person will ever need.  Newlist runs in 10 major
		languages as well.  Version 8, an update to version 6.0 on
		disk number 597, binary only, WB2.0+ required.
		Author:  Phil Dietz

SwitchWindow	A replacement for the CBM "IHelp" commodity.  It allows you to
		arrange the windows in many different ways via hotkeys and a
		powerful REXX port.  Version 0.85, freeware, binary only,
		source available from the author.
		Author:  Roland Mainz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0889
---------------------

Csh		Replacement for the Amiga shell, similar to UN*X csh.  Main
		features include over 100 built in commands, 70 functions,
		new system variables, file name completion, freely
		programmable command line editing, file classes, auto cd,
		lazy cd, intuition menus for the shell window, automatic
		RX-ing, local variables, $( ), statement blocks, high speed,
		plus much more.  This is version 5.31, an update to version
		5.19 on disk 624.  Includes source.
		Author:  A. Kirchwitz, U. Dominik Mueller, C. Borreo, S. Drew,
			 M. Dillon

DiskCat		DiskCat is a disk cataloger.  The files can be organized any
		way you want.  You can make and name any category you care to.
		Categories and files can be moved.  Through menu selection,
		all disks that are inserted are automatically searched and the
		useful information copied.  A 40 char comment can be entered
		for each file.  The database can be searched and exported.
		Version 1.3, requires OS 2.04+, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Kenny Nagy

DxConverter	Converts binary/hex/ULONG integers/ASCII/RAWKEY codes to
		binary/hex/ULONG integer or ASCII.  Fully intuitionalized.
		Version 1.0, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Kenny Nagy

SCSIutil	A CLI utility to issue commands to a SCSI disk using a spe-
		cific SCSI id number.  Commands include inquiry, seek, start/
		stop motor, read sector(s), play audio CD sectors, insert,
		eject, read capacity, etc.  Version 1.815, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk number 669.  Freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Gary Duncan and Heiko Rath

CONTENTS OF DISK 0890
---------------------

DiskMate	A disk utility with multidrive disk copier (either DOS or non-
		DOS disks), disk formatter, disk eraser, disk installer, and
		floppy disk checker.  Version 4.3, an update to version 4.1
		on disk number 854.  Binary only.
		Author:  Malcolm Harvey

DropBox		WorkBench AppIcon Commodity that examines the filename of the
		file dropped in it, then searches a configurable database for
		an action to perform on it, such as read, display, edit, unarc,
		etc.  Requires OS 2.04+.  Version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  Steve Anichini

FileRexx	Opens an ASL-filerequester on the frontmost PublicScreen, and
		prints the selected file/directory to StdOut, into an environ-
		ment-variable (if choosen), or into an arexx-variable (if File
		Rexx has opened a rexx-host).  The size of the filerequester
		will adjust automatically to the actual visible screensize if
		not affected from the given arguments.  Version 1.3, binary
		only.
		Author:  Michael Hohmann and Hartmut Goebel

LogicShop	Build and test logic circuits.  Everything is accessed from
		an intuition interface.  Version 1.1, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Kenny Nagy

OnTheBall	Demo version of a desktop aid that contains: Calendar -- View
		& Print adjustable week, month, and yearly schedules.  Search
		forward & backward through appointments.  9 repeat modes.
		reminder with snooze.  Addressbook -- Mailing labels, auto-
		dialer.  Search & sort by any field.  Attatch notes.  To-Do
		List -- Sorts by optional due dates.  Search/Print.  NotePad --
		Full-featured text editor, have as many notes open at one time
		as you like.  Attatch notes to any entry in any application.
		Multi-lingual, works on all Amigas.  Preferences.  ARexx.
		Imports Nag(c) files.  Create personalized "Tags".  Much
		more...  V1.10, binary only.
		Author:  Jason Freund, Pure Logic Software

SltChr		Allows users of ASDG's CygnusEd Professional to select a
		character via point-n-click rather than having to remember
		(or lookup) the ascii keycode for it.  Useful for entering
		international, special, or infrequently used characters.
		Version 1.0, includes source in C.  Requires AmigaDos 2.0.
		Author:  Njaal Fisketjoen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0891
---------------------

AskEnv		A requester construction tool for use with DOS-scripts, AREXX
		and any other language that can start an external program.
		System and file requesters may be called by command line args,
		and config files allow construction of complex requesters
		containing almost any type of gadtools gadgets.  Extended
		gadget types can call file requesters and start programs.
		Results are stored in environment variables.  Requires OS 2.04,
		Version 2.5, binary only.
		Author:  Bengt Giger

DiskSalv2	A disk repair, salvage, and undelete utility for all standard
		disk devices and file system types.  Has a full Intuition
		interface and runs from Workbench or Shell.  It can fix most
		problems in-place, and can reverse a partial or QUICK format.
		It can copy out from disks that can't be fixed due to physical
		damage, with a destination going to any AmigaDOS disk device
		or pipe (eg, TAPE:).  In English, locale catalogs included for
		Danish, French, German, Italian, Norwegian, Finnish, and
		Swedish, short manuals in English and Swedish.  Extensive
		update to DiskSalv 1.42 on disk 251.  Requires AmigaOS 2.04
		or later.  Uncrippled Shareware, binary only, V11.27.
		Author:  Dave Haynie

HDClick		A Harddisk-Menu and Workbench-Tool.  Easily start programs,
		batchfiles or ARexx-scripts simply by clicking on a gadget.
		Opens its own screen or only a small window on the Workbench.
		Includes an AppWindow/AppIcon to view pictures, listen to
		samples, print texts or even decrunch archives by just drag-
		ging an Icon on the AppObject.  Gadgets can have their own
		fonts and colors.  Unlimited number of sub-menus.  Easily
		configurable, with Online-Help.  Requires OS 2.04. Version
		2.53, an update to V2.0 on disk 605.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Claude Mller

ROMTagMem	Adds non-autoconfig memory as early as possible to the memory
		list.  In situations where you have only CHIP memory and non-
		autoconfig memory, your system will run faster and have more
		CHIP memory available if as many system structures as possible
		are not in CHIP memory.  Binary only.
		Author:  John Matthews

Skew		Skeleton Writer is a tool for generating C code for various
		Intuition based applications.  You click the mouse and the
		code gets written.  Similar to PowerSource and GadToolsBox,
		but with slightly different functionality.  Version 1.28,
		an update to version 1.2 on disk 746.  Includes source.
		Author:  Piotr Obminski

CONTENTS OF DISK 0892
---------------------

DviHp		A printer driver for HP LaserJet (trademark of the Hewlett
		Packard Company) and compatible printers.  It translates DVI
		files, usually generated by TeX, to a code understood by
		HP-LJ (PCL - printer control language).  DviHp supports down-
		loading fonts, which gives you extremely fast output.  It
		allows you to include IFF ILBM files into your documents.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Ales Pecnik

Gemini10X	All-new printer driver for Star Gemini-10X and 15X printers.
		Features graphics resolutions twice as high as the Commodore
		provided "EpsonXOld" driver.  Version 35.1, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Bhnisch

Indent		A C source code formatter/indenter.  Especially useful for
		cleaning up inconsistently indented code.  Version 1.8, an
		update to version 1.7 on disk 821.  Includes source.
		Author:  Various, Amiga port by Carsten Steger

Look		A powerful program for creating and showing disk magazines.
		Supports IFF pictures, IFF brushes, ANSI, fonts, PowerPacker,
		and many more features.  Programmed in assembly language to
		be small and fast.  German language only.  Version 1.9, an
		update to version 1.6 on disk 816.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Andr Voget

MouseAideDEMO	DEMO version of a "Mouse" utility which has all the standard
		functions: Mouse Acceleration with threshhold, window and
		screen manipulation by mouse and keyboard, mouse and screen
		blanking, SUN (auto-activation) mouse, user definable "hot
		key" command, Keyboard "String" macros, etc...  But also has
		functions other "Mouse" programs do NOT, such as: Shell-
		Cycling, Key Clicking, KeyClosing, Multi-Icon-Select with
		Mouse, Middle Mouse Button Windowing, EZ-Date generation,
		Mouse Port switching, Workbench to the front function, Ez-
		Dragging, Freezing Mouse & Keyboard of all input, etc...
		Now features an easy to use Pop-Up 2.xx style intuition
		interface and the ability to function correctly in all the
		new screen modes!  Written in assembly for efficiency in size
		and CPU usage.  Version v9.69a, an update to version v7.12a
		on disk 788, Binary only.
		Author:  Thomas J. Czarnecki

TeXPrt		A front-end for DVI printer drivers with a (nice?) GUI.  It is
		highly configurable and can be used with various DVI printer
		drivers.  Configuration files for Georg Hessmann's DVIPrint
		(PasTeX), DVILJP (AmigaTeX) and DVILJ2P (Gustaf Neumann) are
		included.  TeXPrt has an ARexx port and interprets 18 ARexx
		commands.  TeXPrt runs on an AppWindow and supports an
		(optional) AppIcon for selecting DVI files.  Needs at least
		Kickstart 2.04.  This is Version 2.0, freeware, includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Richard A. Bdi

CONTENTS OF DISK 0893
---------------------

AmigaWorld	A database program that contains information about every
		country on Earth.  It enables you to have a look at the data
		of one country, or to compare several ones.  Among other things
		it displays location, capital, area, population, languages,
		currency and the flag of each country.  AmigaWorld is very
		easy to handle, and you can use it with your favourite font,
		screen mode and colors.  You can also choose between English,
		German, Swedish and Dutch output.  It works on every Amiga
		that has one MByte of memory and Kickstart 1.2 or later.
		Freeware version 2.0, an update to version 1.1 on Disk number
		851.  New features include flag display and information about
		religions and international organizations.  Modula-2 source is
		available from the author.
		Author:  Wolfgang Lug

BadLinks	A utility which tests the links in newly written amigaguide
		documents.  Rather than manually clicking on every button in
		your amigaguide document to ensure each will link up with a
		valid node, just run BadLinks.  Will work on documents which
		reference nodes in other amigaguide documents too.
		Version 1.17, binary only.
		Author:  Roger E. Nedel

Clouds		A program which creates random cloud scenery.  You may save
		the pictures as IFF-files and use them as background for your
		workbench.  Uses new AGA-features.  Operational on all AMIGAS
		with all Workbench-Versions, but needs at least 2.1 to gain
		access to all features.  Version 2.9, an update to version 2.0
		on disk number 805.  Public domain, includes complete source
		in KICK-PASCAL.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

CONTENTS OF DISK 0894
---------------------

AntiRascism	Some texts, pictures and programs dealing with the problem
		of violence & rascism.  Sources included.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  Daniel Amor and others

CDTV-Player	A utility for all those people, who'd like to play Audio-CD's,
		while multitasking on workbench.  It's an emulation of CDTV's
		remote control, but is a little more sophisticated.  Access
		to the archive even without a CD-ROM-Drive (i.e. AMIGA 500-
		4000), although you can't play a CD.  PROGRAM & KARAOKE (live
		on-screen) included.  Recognizes CDs automatically.  AREXX-Port
		for usage in other programs.  Version 2.05, an update to
		version 2.0 on disk 868.  Docs in English, Franais & Deutsch.
		Supports CDTV-Drives & XETEC-Drives.  FISH-WARE, binary only.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

GreekFont	This is a scalable vector font.  It's the Greek equivalent
		of the Times Roman font.  It includes the Greek typewriter
		setmap and is available as ADOBE TYPE 1, PAGESTREAM FONT
		(dmf-file), PROPAGE FONT & INTELLIFONT.  This Font is
		shareware.  Designed with FontDesigner.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

LazyBench	LazyBench is a utility for lazy people with a hard disk cram-
		med full of goodies which are difficult to reach because they
		are buried away in drawers inside drawers inside drawers in-
		side drawers...  Supports tools and projects and both OS 1.3
		and OS 2.xx versions are supplied with this distribution.
		LazyBench for the OS 1.3 opens a little window on the Work-
		bench screen and delivers a fully configurable menu which
		brings up to 30 applications at your fingertips.  LazyBench
		for the OS 2.xx adds an item under the Workbench "Tools" menu,
		installs itself as a Commodity and waits in the background.
		Use its hot key combination to pop up its window and then
		select an application to be launched.  Versions 1.01 (OS 1.3)
		and 1.10 (OS 2.xx), an update to the versions on disk number
		860.  Binary only.
		Author:  Werther 'Mircko' Pirani

Resize		A font-sensitive utility to change the dimensions of the shell
		window.  Offers two options:  Reporting the current dimensions
		of the shell window and setting new ones.  Includes source.
		Author:  Bernd Raschke

CONTENTS OF DISK 0895
---------------------

FMsynth		A program to create sounds with FM synthesis.  It has six
		operators, a realtime LFO and a free editable algorithm.  The
		sound can be played on the Amiga keyboard and saved in IFF-
		8SVX format.  Version 1.1, giftware, includes source in
		Oberon-2.
		Author:  Christian Stiens

MakeDMake	An automated DMake file generator.  You give it the names of
		all the C-files used to produce your executable (except
		#include'd .c or .h files), and it will automatically scan
		them to find all dependencies, and produce a ready to use
		(in many cases) DMakeFile calling DCC with options you will
		need for normal compilation and linking.  Version 0.22, an
		update to version 0.19 on disk 810.  Includes source.
		Author:  Piotr Obminski, from original code by Tim McGrath

MuchMore	Another program like "more", "less", "pg", etc.  This one uses
		its own screen to show the text using a slow scroll.  Includes
		built-in help, commands to search for text, and commands to
		print the text.  Supports 4 color text in bold, italic, under-
		lined, or inverse fonts.  Can load xpk-crunched files, has a
		display mode requester and is now localized (german catalog
		included).  Version 3.3, an update to version 3.0 on disk
		number 560.  Includes source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert, Christian Stiens

StAid2		Demo of the multi-purpose educational UTILITY called "Student
		Aid ][".  This utility allows you to create, load, edit,
		practice and print TRUE/FALSE, MULTIPLE CHOICE and FILL IN THE
		BLANK tests or quizzes on any subject you desire.  It will also
		save grades to monitor progress.  This demo contains some
		sample tests on various subjects, and has all features enabled
		except for SAVE TEST.  Works on WB1.3 to 3.x, NTSC & PAL.  (May
		not work with FastROM).  Ver 0.8, binary only.  DEMO is freely
		distributable.
		Author:  Rick Rojas

CONTENTS OF DISK 0896
---------------------

AnsiView	A utility to view IBM ansi pics on the AMIGA.  Supports the 16
		color IBM Ansi standard fully.  Works on any AMIGA running any
		version of AmigaDos.  Version 1.0, binary only with source
		available from the author.
		Author:  Marcus Trisdale

DA		"Digital Aesthetics".  A program that provides you with a
		soothing audio environment in which to work, similar to the
		cd's/tapes available of rainstorms, ocean surfs, rivers, etc.
		The sounds are contained in modules called "EMods", short for
		Environment MODules.  With DA, you can control various aspects
		of these EMods, and link EMods together in a list to be played
		in sequence.  Two short EMods are provided, with more available
		when you purchase the registered version.  Version 2.5, OS2.x
		required, binary only.
		Author:  Greg Grove

Riff		A little iff reader written in modula-2, M2amiga.  Version 1.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Marcel Timmermans

SamPull		A utility which will allow you to manipulate and save the
		samples of a music module, (just Noise/Sound/Protracker MOD
		format for now), to disk in a quick and user-friendly graphic
		environment.  As an added bonus, SamPull features sub-programs
		which will scan for MODs in memory or on any format of disk.
		Version 2.0, OS2.x required, binary only.
		Author:  Greg Grove

ScriptTool	A small Workbench-utility which lets you to run commonly used
		commands and scripts from Workbench's Tools-menu.  Version
		1.02 and needs DOS2.0 (V36).  Freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Jan Hagqvist

WBStart		WBStart is a package to emulate the WorkBench startup proce-
		dure, by loading a program, creating a process for it, and
		then sending it a WB startup message.  Includes a handler
		process which does the starting of the processes for you and
		then waits for the startup reply messages.  Version 1.3, an
		update to version 1.2 on disk number 757.  Includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Becker

CONTENTS OF DISK 0897
--------------------- 

DNet		A link protocol that provides essentially an unlimited number
		of reliable connections between processes on two machines,
		where each end of the link can be either an Amiga or a Unix
		(BSD4.3) machine.  Works on the Amiga with any EXEC device
		that looks like the serial.device.  Works on UNIX with tty and
		socket devices.  Achieves better than 95% average throughput
		on file transfers.  This is version 2.32, an update to version
		2.10 on disk number 294.  Includes sources for both the Amiga
		and Unix versions.
		Author:  Matt Dillon and others

EPP		E Preprocessor.  Simple, easy-to-use macro preprocessor
		intended for use with Wouter van Oortmerssen's E language
		compiler.  Allows E programmer's to "include" (similar to C)
		E source code modules, thus adding modularity to the E lang-
		uage.  Should work on any OS version.  Update to V1.0, improved
		speed; bug fixes; new OPT TURBO directive for turning on Turbo
		mode for single modules; CtrlC made reliable.  Version 1.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Barry Wills.

PrtSc		Have you ever noticed that there is a PrtSc-key on the numeric
		keypad?  If you press it you'll find that nothing happens, but
		here's the solution.  So if you've ever wanted to have a work-
		ing PrtSc-key, try this.  Requires OS2.0 (V36).  Version 1.08,
		freeware, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Jan Hagqvist

VerCheck	A little script utility especially for 2.04 users with 1.3 Rom
		sharer/KickDisk. This helps you to boot under the right	system
		when using an alien Kickstart.  Version 2.00, now includes
		CPU/FPU checking too.  Freeware, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Jan Hagqvist

CONTENTS OF DISK 0898
--------------------- 

AniMan		The final version (5.2) of AniMan, the voice recognition
		program that allows you to converse with an animated talking
		head to execute any ARexx or CLI command.  AniMan appears as
		a full color animation in a miniature window on the 3.0 Work-
		bench screen.  AniMan is fully multitasking and runs in the
		foreground or background, listening for your voice commands
		even while other programs may be running.  Many improvements
		requested by users are now included.  Menu operations have
		been improved.  Documentation is provided in AmigaGuide format.
		Audio digitizer support has been expanded to include Perfect
		Sound 3, Sound Magic (Sound Master), DSS 8, and Generic digi-
		tizers.  AniMan 5.2 requires AmigaDOS 3.0.  An update to
		version 5.0 on Disk #841.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

NarTest		A little tool that lets you to play with the new features of
		V37 narrator.device.  Also ideal for designing the speech for
		your own programs.  Version 1.01, needs DOS2.04 (V37).  Free-
		ware, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Jan Hagqvist

Sci-Fi_Demo	A demo of Sci-Fi Type: 14 3d fonts for Imagine and other
		rendering programs.  Includes: Ultra (a full sample fonts),
		A short doc file with ordrering info, and an iff (hi res 16
		color) image depicting the rest of the set.
		Author:  Doug Brooks

VCLI		The final version (7.0) of Voice Command Line Interface (VCLI)
		which will execute CLI commands, ARexx commands, or ARexx
		Scripts by voice command.  VCLI allows you to launch multiple
		applications or control any program with an ARexx capability
		entirely by spoken voice command.  Many improvements requested
		by users are now included.  VCLI now has its own ARexx port so
		that its internal options and functions can be controlled by
		ARexx command.  Menu operations have been improved.  Document-
		ation is provided in AmigaGuide format.  Audio digitizer sup-
		port has been expanded to include Perfect Sound 3, Sound Magic
		(Sound Master), DSS 8, and Generic digitizers.  This is the
		fastest version of VCLI yet, and it runs well under either
		AmigaDOS 2.0 or 3.0.  An update to version 5.2 on disk number
		807.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Horne

CONTENTS OF DISK 0899
--------------------- 

ARoach		Based on Xroach for X-Windows, displays disgusting cock-
		roaches on your screen.  These creepy crawlies scamper
		around until they find a window to hide under.  Whenever
		you move or resize a window, the exposed orthopteras again
		scamper for cover.  Version 1.0, requires at least AmigaDOS
		Release 2, includes source.
		Author:  Stefan Winterstein

GoodDouble	Some sample source using a couple of functions that make for
		MUCH EASIER handling of double clicks with ALL buttons.  Works
		perfectly! (at least with DICE...).  Version 0.3
		Author:  Piotr Obminski

SmartPlay	A quite small, and really fast multiformat moduleplayer for
		OS2.0+.  Supports most moduleformats around, and  will play
		all modules with the _right_ replayroutines.  The CPU usage
		of this player is also really low, so it will run fine even
		on a 7MHz Amiga, while doing some highspeed serial transfers.
		100% coded in assembler.  Version 3.1, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Hjelt

Targis		A fast-paced action game.  It offers 200 pre-defined levels
		and the ability to design your own levels and characters.
		Binary only.
		Author:  David Ashley

CONTENTS OF DISK 0900
--------------------- 

Columns		A GUI-based "paper-saving" utility.  Allows you to print text
		in columns and use various compression modes (up to 160
		characters per line and 180 lines per standard DIN A4 page).
		5.6 times more characters than in usual modes, but still
		readable.  Written completely in assembly.  Kickstart 2.0 and
		3.0 compatible, Kickstart 2.0 look, Keyboard controls and
		saveable settings.  Version 2.5, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Mares, Tomas Zikmund

Popper		Replaces Intuition menus with popup menus which appear under
		the mouse pointer instead of in the top of the screen.  You
		can also "rip" menus from the menu-bar and keep them on the
		screen as a window all the time (or close them with the close
		gadget, of course).  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Pierre Dak Baillargeon

Robouldix	Playable demo of a game based on BoulderDash.  Uses 32 colour
		graphics, senses and adapts to PAL and NTSC.  Over 500 diff-
		erent objects in the registered version.  (About 40 in the
		demo version).  Requires at least one megabyte of memory.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Svante Berglund, Patrik Grip-Jansson

Touch		Amiga version of the Unix utility with the same name.  Touch
		changes the date and time stamp of all specified files to the
		current date and time.  Workbench 2.0 wildcards are supported.
		Requires OS2.0, includes source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0901
---------------------

AmigaBase	A hierachical, programmable database that runs under OS 1.3
		and OS 2.0.  Has a full intuition interface.  Features include
		two display methods, filter datasets, search datasets, print
		datasets, and much more.  Nearly everything can be realized
		by programming AmigaBase.  Datatypes can be Integer, Real,
		Boolean, String, Memo (Text), Date and Time.  Number of data-
		sets is only limited by available memory.  Also included in
		the package are some example projects.  Version 1.31, an up-
		date to version 1.21 on disk 813.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Steffen Gutmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0902
---------------------

DWFPresets	Some OverScan, Palette, Pattern and Pointer presents.  Some
		will look a bit odd in modes other than HiRes-Interlace mode
		and default colors.  If you're using Release 2.04, you'll be
		able to click on the icons and change the presets without
		having to use the Prefs tool.
		Author:  David W. Ferguson

Error		CLI utility to print a message text for AmigaDOS errors along
		with probable causes and suggestions for recovery (From Amiga-
		DOS manual).  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Njl Fisketjn

Less		A text file reader, descended from Unix "Less."  Less has
		features found on no other Amiga file reader; it can use
		pipes, accepts multiple filenames, and has many convenient
		positioning commands for forward and backward movement,
		marking positions, etc.  This version adds an option to
		suppress opening a new window, using the existing CLI window
		instead (especially useful with an AUX: shell), and includes
		some minor bug fixes.  Version 1.6Z, an update to version 1.4Z
		on disk number 511.  Includes source in SAS C 6.3.
		Author:  Ray Zarling et. al.

SltChr		Allows users of ASDG's CygnusEd Professional to select a
		character via point-n-click rather than having to remember
		(or lookup) the ascii keycode for it.  Useful for entering
		international, special, or infrequently used characters.
		Version 1.1, fixes a bug present in version 1.0 on disk
		number 890.  Includes source in C.  Requires AmigaDos 2.0.
		Author:  Njl Fisketjn

VirusZ		A virus detector that recognizes over 220 boot viruses and
		over 115 file viruses.  The filechecker can also decrunch
		files for testing.  The memory checker removes all known
		viruses from memory without 'Guru  Meditation' and checks
		memory for viruses regularly.  VirusZ has easy to use intui-
		tionized menus including keycuts for both beginners and
		experienced users.  VirusZ performs a self-test on every
		startup to prevent link virus infection.  Written entirely in
		assembly language and operates with Kickstart 1.2/1.3, OS 2.0
		and OS 3.0.  Version 3.07, an update to version 3.00 on disk
		number 820.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Georg Hrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0903
---------------------

ArmyMiner	An ultimate "XMines-type" game that integrates all of the best
		aspects of the previous Amiga versions of the game.  Options
		include:  Automatically mark or clean the neighbours of a
		square; Safe start (no explosion at first click); Safe click
		(gadget-like behavior for squares); Question marks (for con-
		figuration analysis).  You can also specify your own custom
		board settings.  The game has a very useful pause option,
		sound effects, high-score tables and a very nice interface.
		It works under OS v1.3 or 2.0, NTSC or PAL.  Version 1.4,
		an update to version 1.1 on disk number 876.  Binary only.
		Author:  Alain Laferriere

MICE		My Image Code Editor.  MICE generates source code from stan-
		dard IFF pictures.  Can generate either assembly or C source.
		Version 1.3, an update to version 1.2 on disk number 590.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Pierre-Louis Mangeard

QDisk		A WorkBench 2.x/3.x equivalent to the cli info command and
		more.  QDisk will monitor your AMIGA DOS devices at specified
		intervals defined by tool types.  There are also tool types to
		position all windows and set a warning flag when space usage
		becomes high.  Version 1.1, an update to version 1.0 on disk
		number 853.  Binary only.
		Author:  Norman Baccari

SuperDuper	A very fast disk copier and formatter.  Can make up to four
		unverified copies from a ram buffer in 36 seconds.  Verified
		copies from a ram buffer take 67 seconds for one destination
		drive, plus 34 seconds for each additional destination.  This
		is version 3.00, an update to version 2.02 on disk 753.
		Includes a program to fine tune some fields in the trackdisk
		device, and a "no click" type program.  Binary only.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

TaskE		A GUI based task manager.  It provides you with information on
		running tasks and allows you to clean up behind failed tasks
		by closing their windows and screens.  In addition, you can
		attempt to remove tasks by sending them CTRL-C signals, and
		simply by disabling them.  Version 37.1, includes source.
		Author:  Michael D. Bayne

Viewtek		A feature packed  Picture/Animation Viewer.  Shows most ILBM's
		(including 24-bit ILBM's), most Compuserve GIF format images,
		most JFIF format JPEG images and most ANIM Op-5 format ani-
		mations, with support for different palettes for each frame.
		Supports SHAM, CTBL, and PCHG images, full support of ECS/AGA
		display modes (ie. show 256 color GIF's directly, show 800x600
		HAM animations, etc.).  Supports viewing contents of clipboard.
		Iconifies to a Workbench AppIcon.  Includes a version written
		for GVP's Impact Vision 24, to support true 24-bit display.
		Version 1.05, an update to version 1.02 on disk number 787.
		Requires Workbench 2.04+, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Krehbiel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0904
---------------------

ATS		"AfterTitleS", this program will scroll a large iff picture
		up the screen, for the purpose of creating video credits or
		other effects as you see fit.  Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Jakob Grdsted

CxPak		A set of five commodities:  AutoClick -- a window activator;
		WClose -- close windows easily; WCycle -- cycle screens or
		windows; WDrag -- drag windows without having to find the
		title bar; WSize -- resize windows without having to find the
		sizing gadget.  Version 1.0, includes source in assembly.
		Author:  Pierre-Louis Mangeard

Fill		Smart Multi-file Mover/Copier.  Moves/copies files from the
		specified directory to a specified destination.  Optimizes
		space on destination by using a "best-fit" algorithm.
		Capable of filling every byte on a floppy without splitting
		files.  CLI-usage only, version 1.1, includes source.
		Author:  Barry Wills.

IdleLED		Turns the power LED off when the CPU is idle.  It operates
		using timerA on CIAB.  This is continuously reset by the idle
		task running at low priority (-127).  When the idle task is
		preempted by anything, the timer is allowed to underflow
		causing the interrupt server to run which turns on the power
		light.  Next time the idle task runs, it immediately turns off
		the power light.  Version 1.0a, includes source.
		Author:  Lindsay Meek

Term		An update to the binaries released on disks 831 and 832.
		This is an update only and contains several bug fixes to the
		executables released in that series.  To obtain full benefit
		from the package, you should also obtain the documentation
		and support files on disks 831-833.  Version 3.4, binary only.
		Author:  Olaf `Olsen' Barthel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0905
---------------------

Action		A program for starting other programs dependent on file types.
		Files are shown, unpacked, executed, etc. dependent on a chosen
		action.  Executes (multiple) commands for each passed file
		appropriate to the file type, which are described in a action
		definition file.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Suelmann

DTree		Similar to "Tree" on the IBM PCs, displays a devices' "Tree"
		heirarchy.  While similar programs exist for the Amiga, they
		don't use standard input/output.  Standard i/o makes many
		things possible, like  piping, i/o redirection, etc.
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Sam Yee

Eval		A full-featured floating point expression evaluator that
		can assign variables, has many built-in functions and
		constants, allows input and output in any number base, and
		uses a C-like syntax for expression evaluation.  Full ANSI
		C source is included and easily portable to other platforms.
		Version 1.13, an update to version 1.12 on disk number 857.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Will Menninger

MultiUser	Allows you to create a Unix-like environment where several
		users live  together in harmony, unable to delete each others
		files, unable to read those private love-letters of other
		users...  And this even if several users are working on the
		machine at the same time (on a terminal hooked up to the
		serial port)  Version 1.4, requires OS2.04+ and a hard drive,
		binary only.
		Author:  Geert Uytterhoeven

NullModem	A software device that imitates two modems and a phone line,
		on one machine.  I wrote it whilst looking at the WPL script-
		ing language, so that I could play around without having to
		spend any money on expensive phone calls, but it can be used
		for testing various other programs.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Iain Hibbert

TWC		Two Way Chat & Send enables you to make use of your modem's
		full-duplex feature - in fact, it can save you up to 50%
		transmission time.  With TWC you can connect to another guy
		running TWC, then you may transmit file- AND chat-data at the
		same time in both directions.  GUI-driven, requires OS2.04+.
		Version 3.101, an update to version 2.03 on disk number 801.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Lutz Vieweg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0906
---------------------

BackDrops	A friendly 2.x Prefs program for your Workbench that will allow
		you to keep a list of your favorite backdrops and have a new
		one appear each time your computer is rebooted.  Requires Nick-
		Prefs or a similar program to display the backdrop.  Version
		1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Ross MacGregor

MagicMenu	Replaces all Intuition menus, supporting both "pull-down" and
		"pop-up" menus.  Menus can be displayed in either the Standard
		look, or the modern AmigaOS 2.0 style 3D-Look, and controlled
		exclusively using the keyboard, (no need to grab the mouse
		anymore!)  Configurable handling and appearance.  Remembers
		every menu's last selected item, displaying Pop-Up menus the
		next time at a position allowing quick selection of the same
		or neighboring items.  Automatically brings the currently
		active screen (if not visible) to the front for menu selection
		then returns it to the back after a selection is made.  Input
		timeouts, plus much more!  Version 1.27, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Korndrfer

Move		A compact, fast CLI move command that allows the moving of
		files over multiple devices.  It will perform a "true" move
		(a la rename) when files are being moved around on the same
		device, making it very fast, while still being able to perform
		moves over multiple devices.  Move will also allow you to move
		file links, and supports all standard 2.x wildcards.
		Version 2.2a, requires kickstart 2.04 or higher, binary only.
		Author:  Asher Feldman

PhxAss		PhxAss is a complete macro assembler, which supports the
		instruction-set and addressing modes of all important Motorola
		processors (MC68000,68010,68020,68030,68040,6888x and 68851).
		It understands all common assembler-directives and can generate
		not only linkable object-files but also absolute code, which
		can be written to memory, to a file or directly to disk using
		the 'trackdisk.device'.  In all cases the user has the oppor-
		tunity to choose between the large and small code/data-model.
		Version V3.30, an update to version V3.00 on disk number 853.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Frank Wille

PowerData	Patches AmigaDOS, enabling all programs to read and write
		files packed with PowerPacker in way that is completely
		transparent to themselves and the system.  Programs will read
		powerpacked datafiles directly, and will also magically start
		compressing their own datafiles, as they create or update
		them.  Version 38.200, an update to the version 38.115 on
		disk number 841.  Partially localized for use with Workbench
		2.1.  Requires Workbench 2.04+.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Michael Berg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0907
---------------------

AmiQWK		QWKMail format offline message system.  Allows reading of
		QWKMail format offline message packets popular with many
		bulletin board systems (BBSes).  Replies can be edited using
		any text editor and packed for transfer at a later time.
		AmiQWK has been tested with many QWKMail systems for IBM and
		Amiga based BBSes.  Requires Workbench 2.04 or higher.  Release
		2 version 1.0, Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jim Dawson

CyberPager	The CyberPager software allows one to send alpha-numeric pages
		from one's Amiga.  This is accomplished by dialing into an IXO
		protocol compliant pager central and uploading messages.
		Features include:  Alias files for commonly paged people to
		be referred to by name rather than cryptic PIN numbers;
		"Groups" file allowing messages to be easily sent to many
		people working on the same project, same department, etc;
		Supports multiple pager centrals through a Services config-
		uration file; Full logging of messages spooled, dialout
		attempts, etc. and much more.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0+,
		includes source.
		Author:  Christopher A. Wichura

DD		A directory scanner, something like DIR or LIST, but it does
		much more.  It can use many different types of file lists,
		sort file lists, analyse file contents, display statistics,
		search for identical files and so on.  Version 1.0, binary
		only.
		Author:  Martin Mares

VideoTitler	Generates professional looking TV titles and credits for your
		own videos.  Outstanding abilities are very smooth scrolling,
		color slides (AGA-support) and usage of colorfonts.  Limited
		demo version only.  Version 1.1, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

ZGif		A VERY fast, and very small GIF displayer, ideally suited to
		the new AGA machines, but also provides a quick greyscale
		display for older machines.  Main features are: SMALL!;
		CLI interface; AGA fully supported, 24-bit palette utilized;
		Asynchronous file reading; comes in 68020+ and 68-nuthin
		versions.  Version 0.4, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Zucchi

CONTENTS OF DISK 0908
---------------------

DviDvi		Converts a DVI file into another DVI file, with perhaps cer-
		tain changes.  It allows for example printing of two or four
		pages per sheet of paper or doublesided printing.  Version 1.0,
		includes source.
		Author:  Tomas Rokicki, Amiga-Port and implementation of
			 PasTeX-Support by Jochen Wiedmann

GoldED1		A GUI-based editor with lots of functions/options.  High-
		lights include:  OS3.x look & functions (AppWindows, MenuHelp);
		Folding of paragraphs (unlimited nesting available);  Menus
		fully customizable (easy-to-use requesters);  Macro recorder;
		ARexx port (about 250 commands/options); AutoRefs capability
		(includes, autodocs, sources, ...); HotKey activation; Auto-
		matic phrase completion, based on dictionary; Smooth display,
		fast scrolling; Unlimited number of windows; ASCII character
		selection window;  AutoBackup (any interval); Online help,
		(AmigaGuide); Insertion/removal of columns; Clipboard support;
		Project files; Smart indentation; DICE compiler frontend,
		(GUIMake) ...and much more!  Part 1 of a 2-part distribution,
		part 2 can be found on disk number 909.  Version 0.94, binary
		only.
		Author:  Dietmar Eilert (GoldED) & Rico Krasowski (GUIMake)

HFK 		Yet another TitleBar clock that tries to look like part of your
		Workbench title bar.  It actually opens a very small, non-
		draggable window in the upper right corner of the screen.  HFK
		opens on the default public screen, which will usually be Work-
		bench.  HFK uses almost 0% of CPU time, as it is written very
		efficiently in C, taking advantage of the timer.device, and
		only once a minute to render the time.  Version 39.35, Requires
		Workbench 3.0, binary only.
		Author:  Herbert West

MegaView	A "Multi-View" kind of program for use with Workbench 2.0.  It
		uses the whatis.library (included) to recognize the filetype of
		a file with which it is invoked to run a filetype-specific
		program.  MegaView can be used from the Shell, from Workbench,
		as Default Tool in project icons, as an AppIcon or as an App-
		MenuItem.  Version 1.03, public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Hans-Jrg and Thomas Frieden, Whatis.library by
			 Sylvain Rougier and Pierre Carette

CONTENTS OF DISK 0909
---------------------

GoldED2		A GUI-based editor with lots of functions/options.  High-
		lights include:  OS3.x look & functions (AppWindows, MenuHelp);
		Folding of paragraphs (unlimited nesting available);  Menus
		fully customizable (easy-to-use requesters);  Macro recorder;
		ARexx port (about 250 commands/options); AutoRefs capability
		(includes, autodocs, sources, ...); HotKey activation; Auto-
		matic phrase completion, based on dictionary; Smooth display,
		fast scrolling; Unlimited number of windows; ASCII character
		selection window;  AutoBackup (any interval); Online help,
		(AmigaGuide); Insertion/removal of columns; Clipboard support;
		Project files; Smart indentation; DICE compiler frontend,
		(GUIMake) ...and much more!  Part 2 of a 2-part distribution,
		part 1 can be found on disk number 908.  Version 0.94, binary
		only.
		Author:  Dietmar Eilert (GoldED) & Rico Krasowski (GUIMake)

CONTENTS OF DISK 0910
---------------------

DefPubScreen	A little wedge that makes the front-most screen the default
		public screen.  If the front-most screen isn't a public screen,
		nothing changes.  It wedges into the vertical blanking inter-
		rupt server chain and watches Intuition's record of the front
		most screen.  When the front-most screen changes, the main
		task is signaled and responds by making the front-most screen
		the default public screen if possible.  This is all totally
		transparent and happens very quickly, and is very handy for
		people who have seperate screens for Shell windows etc.
		Version 2.00, binary only.
		Author:  Matt Francis

DSound		DSound is an 8SVX sound sample player that plays samples
		directly off a hard drive, without having to load an entire
		sample into memory first, making it possible to play samples
		of any length even under limited memory conditions.  Version
		1.30, an update to version 1.20 on disk number 729.  This
		version fixes some bugs and adds a display to the DSound
		window that shows the length of the sample and the amount
		played so far, both in minutes::seconds format.  Includes
		source.
		Author:  Dave Schreiber

IEv4Demo	An icon editor which can create and modify icons up to 640x256
		pixels in size, up to 256 colors, edit all non-graphical icon
		parameters including up to 40 tooltypes, import/export IFF
		images, recolour icons for DOS2.0, write text into icon in any
		font and style, scale icon images, edit default icons, select
		screen resolution and magnification for editing, and much more!
		Demonstration version of IE Version 4.0, update to IE on disk
		number 621.  This version runs MUCH faster and uses MUCH less
		memory!  Requires Workbench 2.04+.  Binary only.
		Author:  Peter Kiem

PowerCache	A new, user friendly, completely configurable disk caching
		system.  Has tons of features, including a font sensitive GUI,
		multiple unit caching, selectable read-only or read/write
		cache mode, cache-in-a-file option, statistics graphs, a low
		memory handler, a full ARexx interface and more than 100k of
		AmigaGuide documentation, to mention a few.  Online help is
		(optionally) available everywhere using AmigaGuide.  Installs
		as a simple commodity and is of course hotkey controllable.
		Requires at least Kickstart 2.04.  Certain bonus features
		require 3.0 or later.  Localized, CatComp source included.
		Version 37.64, binary only, shareware
		Author:  Michael Berg

WBKillAGA	Workbench interface for Jolyon Ralph's "KillAGA" program,
		providing a short program that can be used as the "default
		tool" for an icon.  Also includes a utility to convert many
		icons at a time.  Original KillAGA distribution included.
		Author:  Fabian Nunez, KillAGA by Jolyon Ralph

CONTENTS OF DISK 0911
---------------------

GadLayout	A system for laying out gadgets in a dynamic font and locale
		sensitive manner.  Note that it is not a graphical editor, but
		a set of routines for programmers to use for much greater con-
		trol in the laying out of gadgets.  Version 36.22 release 1.6
		beta, includes source and an example program.
		Author:  Timothy J. Aston

GadOutline	A shared library intended to provide programmers with a means
		of describing the general layout of a GUI in a font-independant
		manner, taking care of the details of determining the exact
		placement of the individual elements of the display and the
		drudgery of creating and managing all of the gadgets.  In addi-
		tion, it provides a very generalized mechanism for tracking
		the state of all of its gadgets to support automatic resizing
		and closing and opening of a window without loss of context.
		Includes automatic hotkey support and a vector based drawing
		module that can be used for everything from drawing frames
		around groups of gadgets to creating custom images for BOOPSI
		gadgets.  Version 2.0, includes the library, programmer support
		files and some examples.
		Author:  Dianne Hackborn

PSM		Yet Another Public Screen Program.  It was primarily written as
		a demonstration of the gadoutline.library, and is thus current-
		ly very GUIcentric - it does no command line parsing for CLI
		users or even look at its Workbench tooltypes.  On the other
		hand, it does have a very sophisticated multi-window user
		interface and allows almost complete control over the creation
		of screens.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Dianne Hackborn.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0912
---------------------

Enforcer	A tool to monitor illegal memory access for 68020/68851, 68030,
		and 68040 CPUs.  This is a completely new Enforcer from the
		original idea by Bryce Nesbitt.  It contains many new and
		wonderful features and options and no longer contains any
		exceptions for specific software.  Enforcer can now also be
		used with CPU or SetCPU FASTROM or most any other MMU-Kick-
		start-Mapping tool.  Major new output options such as local
		output, stdout, and parallel port.  Highly optimized to be as
		fast as possible.  This is version 37.52, an update to version
		37.28 on disk number 773.  Requires V37 of the OS or better
		and an MMU.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

UUArc		UUArc is an archiving system designed to enable easy trans-
		mission of binary files/archives over communcation links only
		capable of using ASCII, such as Electronic Mail.  It encodes
		binary files into files containing only printable standard
		ASCII characters.  Written primarily for use with GuiArc to
		add UUEncoding/UUDecoding facilities to it, it takes similar
		command line options to other commonly used archiving programs.
		Version 1.1, public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Julie Brandon

UUxT		Makes the task of uuencoding and decoding simple.  You can even
		lha and uuencode multiple files in a single step!  (And vice
		versa)  Also, UUxT will decode uuencoded files that have mult-
		iple mail files and other garbage in them!  Includes UUxT-GUI,
		an intuition frontend for UUxT.  It offers all the power of
		UUxT, but from the workbench!  It has a slick, WB 2.0 style
		look, even under 1.3.  UUxT version 2.1, UUxT-GUI version 1.0.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Asher Feldman

Task		An "Expert-User" type tool for changing any tasks' priority or
		signalling a task.  C:ChangeTaskPri cannot change task priori-
		ties of non-DOS-processes and C:Break cannot signal a non-DOS
		process - 'Task' can! Requires Kickstart 2.04+.  Version 1.06,
		binary only.  Assembly source available from author.
		Author:  Tobias Ruland

Yak		"Yet Another Kommodity".  Features a sunmouse that only acti-
		vates when mouse stops, KeyActivate windows, Click windows
		to front or back, Cycle screens with mouse, Mouse and Screen
		blanking, Close/Zip/Shrink/Enlarge windows with programmable
		hotkeys, Activate Workbench by hotkey (to get at menus when
		WB obscured), Pop up a palette on front screen, Insert date
		(in various formats), KeyClick with adjustable volume, Pop-
		Command key for starting a command (like PopCLI), Gadtools
		interface.  All settings accessible from Workbench tooltypes.
		Version 1.52, an update to version 1.2 on disk number 782.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

CONTENTS OF DISK 0913
---------------------

AssignManager	A new prefs editor which handles your custom assigns in a
		friendly, all-encompassing way.  No more fiddling with Assign
		commands in User-Startups.  Now you can use AssignManager to
		edit your list of assigns to your heart's content.  Version
		1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Matt Francis

AssignPrefs	Another program to simplify the assignments done in the startup
		sequence.  The assignment list can be edited with AssignPrefs
		and then stored for later use.  Version 1.02, includes source.
		Author:  Thomas Frieden

Moontool	A port of John Walker's moontool program for UNIX.  It gives a
		variety of statistics about the moon, including phase, dist-
		ance, angular, size and time to next full moon.  A schematic
		of the current phase is also shown as a picture.  This is
		illustrative only; the accurate phase is shown in the text.
		Now font-sensitive and will automatically use the user-defined
		system font (non-proportional).  If the font is too large, the
		program will fall-back to Topaz 8.  Version 1.1, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk number 800.  Binary only.
		Author:  John Walker, Amiga port by Eric G. Suchanek

PickStartup	Allows you to select a startup-sequence of your liking.
		Requires AmigaDOS 2.04+, includes source.
		Author:  Bill Pierpont

StickIt		A computer replacement for the ol' Post-It note.  It allows
		you to stick notes onto your screen which will be displayed
		every time you re-boot; useful to remind you of things to do.
		Features: Unlimited number of notes on screen; Notes remember
		where you left them; User-defined font name/size; User-defined
		note size; User-defined text/background colour (yep, they can
		be yellow if you want !); User-defined delay at startup to
		avoid disk thrashing; User-defined filename for note infor-
		mation.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04+, version 1.02, includes
		source.
		Author:  Andy Dean

VirusChecker	A virus checker that can check memory, disk bootblocks, and
		all disk files for signs of most known viruses.  Can remember
		nonstandard bootblocks that you indicate are OK and not bother
		you about them again.  Includes an ARexx port.  Now supports
		SHI's Bootblock.library.  By using this library and its brain-
		file you have the ability to add new Bootblock viruses as SHI
		release new brainfiles.  Version 6.30, an update to version
		6.22 on disk 825.  Binary only.
		Author:  John Veldthuis

VoiceShell	A replacement for VCLI by Richard Horne.  It doesn't have the
		fancy graphics etc. but it seems to eat less CPU time and
		should be faster overall.  It also has some extra options.
		Version 1.11, binary only.
		Author:  Tomi Blinnikka, voice.library by Richard Horne

CONTENTS OF DISK 0914
---------------------

MainActor	A modular animation package with many features.  Modules
		included in this release are IFF-Anim 5/7/8, IFF-AnimBrush,
		PCX,IFF.  The features include playing from harddisk, playing
		animations in windows (OS3.0), timing of animations and much
		more.  The PicassoII gfx board is supported.  Version 1.16, an
		update to Version 1.0 on disk number 888.  Binary only.
		Author:  Markus Moenig

CONTENTS OF DISK 0915
---------------------

Blitz2Demo	A next generation BASIC with features borrowed from PASCAL,
		C and others.  Blitz2 can be used to program any type of
		software, from valuable applications to entertaining arcade
		games.  Features:  Full implementation of extended BASIC
		(Select..Case While..wend etc.); Support for standard IFF
		graphics, sound and animations; NewTypes similar to C Struct-
		ures making Blitz2 more than just another BASIC; In-line macro
		assembler for advanced users; Linked list support for quick
		database type programming; Standard Amiga screen, window, menu
		and gadget management commands; Full access to the internal
		Amiga libraries and structures; Power-Windows type user inter-
		face generator... and much, much more!  Demo version with the
		the "create executable" option disabled.  Lots of examples,
		but very little documentation.  Version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Mark Sibly

ScreenSelect	A commodity to change screen order by selecting a screen name
		from a listview.  Also allows binding of hotkeys to any screen
		with a proper name.  Supports automatic activation of windows
		(remembers last activations) when changing to new screen, is
		configurable with Preferences program, has a full intuition
		interface and is font sensitive (including proportional fonts).
		Documentation in AmigaGuide, ASCII and DVI formats.  Requires
		AmigaOS 2.04 or later.  Version 2.0, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Markus Aalto

StatRam		A very fast, very recoverable ram drive.  It works on any Amiga
		using V2.04 or greater of the OS.  It maintains the remarkable
		recoverability of the original VD0:, but has now been totally
		re-written to handle any DOS filesystem, be named what you like
		and give back memory from deleted files instantly.  Based on
		ASDG's 'VD0:'.  Version 2.1, an update to version 1.5 on disk
		number 871.  Binary only.
		Author:  Richard Waspe, Nicola Salmoria

CONTENTS OF DISK 0916
---------------------

ChangeMode	A utility for people who would like to change the mode (screen-
		type) and displaysize (overscan) of a picture or animation.  An
		animation, made in f.i. a doubblescan resolution, can be forced
		into any other (genlock-compatible?) mode, and complete direc-
		tories of pictures can be changed to any mode available.  This
		utility uses the information from the graphics database to be
		able to ease your choice.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

ChemBalance	An ARexx script to balance unbalanced chemical equations.  With
		ChemBalance in ram, enter "rx ram:ChemBalance" from a CLI or
		Shell window.  A prompt should appear from which you can enter
		an unbalanced chemical equation for ChemBalance to try to
		balance.  Version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk number
		759.  Requires ARexx.
		Author:  Patrick Reany

MathPlot	A function plotter with lin/log plot, a complete KS 2.0 inter-
		face, and ARexx support.  Needs Kickstart/WorkBench 2.0 and
		mtool.library (included).  Version 2.07, an update to version
		2.01 on disk 849.  Shareware, source available from author.
		Author:  Ruediger Dreier

Rego		Registration Manager.  A style of AddressBook/Database that
		allows you to keep track of multiple registrations.  Useful
		for Shareware authors, for example.  Also allows an optional
		comment.  Version 1.01, shareware, binary only.  Source
		available from the author.
		Author:  Paul Mclachlan

ScreenMode	A ready-to-link SAS-objectfile with a nice ScreenModeRequester.
		Features include programmable property-lists, font-sensitivity,
		screensize-sensitivity and autocenter.  Easy to use and pretty.
		Freeware for WB2.0+ Public Domain software.  Includes the
		object, headerfile, C-example and autodocs.  Source available
		from author.  Version 1.0, tested with WB2.0 - WB3.1.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

TrashMaster	A Workbench 2.x AppIcon to "drag-and-drop" delete files.
		Deletes any files and directories (and the files in them)
		who's icon(s) are dropped into the Trashmaster AppIcon.  Files
		can be deleted interactively, with confirmation on each file
		(delete, all, abort, and skip).  Disks will be formatted.
		Version 1.6, binary only.
		Author:  Aric R Caley

WBrain		A thinking game for the WorkBench.  The player must reproduce
		a random pattern by filling in a grid in the correct order.
		The difficulty ranges from moderately easy to impossible.  Uses
		very little CPU time and very little memory, so is ideal for
		playing while raytracing, etc.  Requires OS2.0+, Version 1.2,
		Amiga_E source code included.
		Author:  Sean Russell.

Worms		A monitor-polite ScreenBlanker and InputBlocker.  Very useful
		where the (WB2.0+) Amiga resides in a public place.  Blanking
		is not automatically activated by elapsed time, instead, it
		must be activated and de-activated by hand.  While blanking
		(the program's name "Worms" will become obvious) and all input
		will be blocked until the secret key combination is pressed.
		Version 1.0, source available from author.
		Author:  Ekke Verheul

CONTENTS OF DISK 0917
---------------------

AUSH		A command line interpreter for the Amiga.  Features include
		file name completion, pattern expansion, expression computa-
		tion, command history, for...done loops, full support of Ami-
		gaDOS 2.0, and much more.  Almost fully compatible with ARP
		and Commodore shells.  This is version 3.15, an update from
		version 1.52 on disk 747.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

CardPack	Two IFF pictures of a nicely drawn standard playing deck of
		52 cards, for evaluation purposes (640x400) format.  Usage in
		your own programs requires registration which also entitles
		you to the Joker plus the (640x200) set of cards.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  Jim Schwartz

MandelMania	A fast Mandelbrot Set and Julia Set calculation program.  The
		main features are: Create animations automatically via ARexx
		script file; 2.5 times faster than MandFXP; On-line help using
		amigaguide.library; Supports all Amiga graphic modes, incl.
		AGA modes and autoscroll screens; Loading and saving using IFF
		format.  Picture parameters are stored in a special chunk;
		Supports Mandelbrot Set LSM, Julia Set LSM, Mandelbrot Set CPM
		(two- and three- dimensional), Julia Set CPM (two- and three-
		dimensional), Lyapunov Space;  Colormap can be changed; Built
		in colorcycling; Easy scrolling by pressing the cursor keys.
		Version 4.1, requires Kickstart 2.1 (V38+ of asl.library),
		binary only.
		Author:  Markus Zehnder

PhoneBill	A logfile analyser.  What it basically does is scan the log-
		file(s) generated by a terminal program or a mailer, extract
		all information about calls you have made by using your modem,
		and stores it in its own (short) format.  Features:  User-
		definable callrates;  Supports logfiles generated by MagiCall,
		NComm, TrapDoor, Term, and Terminus;  Automatic logfile trun-
		cating; Generates miscellaneous reportsm statistics, total
		costs.  Requires Kickstart 2.04 or higher, nice GUI and sup-
		ports new 3.0 features (new look menus, ...).  Version 1.08,
		binary only.
		Author:  Raymond Penners

PiCalDemo	Demo version of a  calendar program which allows you to view
		a selected month and year.  What makes PiCalDemo unique is the
		ability to display pictures.  Since this is a demo, only one
		picture is displayed.  The fully working version, PiCal, dis-
		plays a different picture for each month of the year.  Version
		1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Greg Suire

VTimer		A simple stopwatch timing display that can be used to time
		video events if genlocked over a scene.  Version 1.00, binary
		only.
		Author:  Greg Suire

CONTENTS OF DISK 0918
---------------------

Multiplot	An intuitive data plotting program featuring flexible input
		options, arbitrary text addition, automatic scaling, zoom
		and slide with clipping at boundaries, a range of output file
		formats and publication quality printed output.  Workbench
		printers are supported via transparent use of the PLT: device.
		Postscript and HP Laserjet printers are directly supported.
		Version XLNf v1.06, an update to version XLNe on disk 572.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Alan Baxter, Tim Mooney, Rich Champeaux, Jim Miller

WBVerlauf	Allows the owners of AGA machines to create a nice Copper
		background for a selectable color, using the whole 16 million
		color range of the AGA chips.  By specifying the color of the
		first and the last line of the screen, WBVerlauf will make a
		smooth color change by setting a new color value on every
		scanline.  Now a commodity and allows editing 24-bit rainbow
		copperlists in realtime.  Requires Kickstart 3.0 and AGA.
		Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Christian A. Weber

CONTENTS OF DISK 0919
---------------------

BBBF		The Bootblock.library and brainfile is now used by several
		programs e. g.: D-Copy 3.1, X-Copy from april 93 and Virus-
		Checker from version 6.29.  Intended for use by programmers
		of anti-virus utilities, diskcopy program, directory utili-
		ties, disk packers and for whoever who wants to check the
		bootblock of some device.  The library has some easy-to-use
		functions to read the brain-file, and to check a bootblock
		with it.  Version 101_31, an update to version 0.95 beta on
		disk 797.  This brainfile now recognizes 163 different boot
		viruses and about 70 boot virus clones.  Includes sample
		source.
		Author:  Johan Eliasson, Safe Hex International member.

Look		A powerful program for creating and showing disk magazines.
		Supports IFF pictures, IFF brushes, ANSI, fonts, PowerPacker,
		and many more features.  Programmed in assembly language to
		be small and fast.  German language only.  Version 2.0, an
		update to version 1.9 on disk 892.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Andr Voget

Qdir		Enhanced replacement for AmigaDOS' LIST and DIR commands.
		Qdir lists files in alphabetical order displaying all file
		and directory statistics like the LIST command.  The result
		is a nice orderly listing that makes it easy to find what
		you are looking for.  Version 1.36, requires AmigaDOS 2.0,
		Kickstart version 37 or higher.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gregg Scholfield

QuickFile	A flexible, fast and easy to use flat file database using
		random access with intelligent buffering to minimize disk
		access, multiple indices for fast access to records, form
		and list style screens and reports, and fast sorting and
		searching.  Files are quickly and easily defined, and fields
		can be added, changed or deleted at any time.  Now supports
		up to 255 fields per record, date data types and ASCII file
		import and export.  Version 1.3.3, an update to version 1.2
		on disk number 820.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Alan Wigginton

Touch		Another Amiga version of the Unix utility with the same name.
		Touch changes the date and time stamp of all specified files
		to the current date and time.  This version will also create
		an empty file (like the Unix version) if the specified file
		does not exist.  Version 1.0, public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

TxtCvt		Converts PC text document (Microsoft Word for DOS/Windows or
		Windows Write) to pure ASCII format.  Version 1.0, includes
		source.
		Author:  Njl Fisketjn

CONTENTS OF DISK 0920
---------------------

AmigaGuide	Archive distribution of the AmigaGuide hypertext utility direct
		from Commodore.  Contains developer examples and tools for
		AmigaGuide under V34/V37 and V39, plus a new free print/sign/
		send-in distribution license for AmigaGuide, amigaguide.lib-
		rary, WDisplay, and their icons.  An update to the version on
		disk number 870, contains: AmigaGuide 34.3, amigaguide.library
		34.11, AD2AG 39.2 and WDisplay 34.1.
		Author:  Commodore Business Machines

BBSGuard	A program which will monitor the phone ringing, monitor carrier
		detect, disable Guru Meditations, auto-cancel all requesters,
		and if a volume is validating, pause the system until it is
		done.  Version 2.03, binary only.
		Author:  Darrell Grainger

BigAnim		An animation player capable of "direct from disk" playback,
		with user selectable buffer size and playback speed.  BigAnim
		can display IFF ANIM animations of types 5 and 7, and makes
		use of the new graphics.library double-buffering routines when
		run on an Amiga with Kickstart 3.0 or later.  Version 3.3,
		requires Kickstart 2.04 or higher.  Binary only.
		Author:  Christer Sundin

PcRestore	A utility for those people who want to transfer files between
		MSDOS-machines and the Amiga.  Handles disks  'BACKUP'ed under
		DOS 3.30, 4.X, 5.X.  (Perhaps lower version's but untested)
		Requires OS2.0, ReqTools.library, and a method to read MS-DOS
		disks (Crossdos filesystem or similar).  Version 2.40, binary
		only.
		Author:  Mikael Nordlund

Report		The Amiga "Report" program is to be used for generating all
		Amiga bug reports and enhancement requests.  V40.1 adds sub-
		system changes (to match our current database) and also some
		automatic detection of debugging tools running on your system
		for insertion into bug reports (you may change this list to
		match the tools you were running at the time the bug happened).
		Author:  Commodore Business Machines

TypeSmithDemo	A sneak peek at Soft-Logik's new font editor.  All features
		are enabled except Save, Save As and Export.  TypeSmith can
		create and edit PostScript, Compugraphic and Soft-Logik out-
		line fonts (the three primary font systems used on the Amiga).
		TypeSmith has powerful drawing tools to allow you to create
		new fonts.  You can also import characters and symbols from
		structured drawing programs such as Art Expression.  With
		these powerful features, you can create custom fonts and
		include your logo in your favorite fonts.
		Author:  Soft-Logik Publishing Corp.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0921
---------------------

CapShift	Simple commodity which turns the shift key into a 'capslock-
		toggle' key: if capslock is off, the shift key + an alphabetic
		key produces an uppercase character, as usual; if capslock is
		on, the shift key + an alphabetic key produces a lowercase
		character.  Can also disable capslock when a function key or a
		qualifier is pressed.
		Author:  Alessandro Sala

MiniGames	Two little Workbench games; MiniPac, an "Pacman" type game,
		and MiniIsola, "a head 'em off at the pass and box 'em in"
		type game.  Version 1.0, binary only.
 		Author:  Philippe Banwarth.

MiniMorph	A little morphing package written in assembler, based on VMorph
		Version 2 beta by Lee Wilkie (but nearly 50 times faster (un-
		compiled amos vs compiled (?!) assembler)).  Currently limited
		to 16-color, greyscale images.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Includes a sample morph anim and iff files.
		Author:  Philippe Banwarth, Lee Wilkie, Michael W. Hartman

CONTENTS OF DISK 0922
---------------------

Designer	A program to create intuition interfaces for programs, at
		present producing code in Pascal and C is possible.  This
		is a demo version with a partially disabled save option.
		The program has on-line help and can create windows and
		menus, supporting all gadtools gadgets in V37.  It can also
		import IFF ILBM pictures for inclusion in your programs.
		It requires Release V37+.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Ian OConnor

WBSearch	A multi-tasking Workbench AppMenuItem file search utility.
		The search pattern does not support pattern matching symbols,
		only matches letters in the filename in continuous order.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Mike Austin

CONTENTS OF DISK 0923
---------------------

bBaseIII	An easy to use, versatile, yet full featured database program
		that will run on any Amiga.  Search or sort on any field,
		print mailing labels, (un)delete records, mail merge, get
		reports in many formats, scramble files, flag records, and
		more.  Fields are user-configurable, so bBase can be used
		to keep track of addresses, tape or video collections, reci-
		pe files, or anything else you can think of - one program
		does it all!  bBaseIII is a greatly enhanced successor to
		bBaseII.  This is version 1.4, an update to V1.3 on disk 878.
		Shareware.  Binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

CryptoKing	A game for those who like to solve Cryptograms; those coded
		sentences that have to be decoded to be read.  Operate with
		keyboard or mouse.  This is Version 1.3, an update to Version
		1.1 on disk 710.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

MagicClip	A shell utility for accessing clipboard text.  Text can be
		written to or read from any clipboard unit.  Supports multi-
		hunk text and can be configured with two environment vari-
		ables.  Version 1.2, includes source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

MagicPubName	A powerful 'getpubname' utility, that prints the name of the
		default, frontmost, or shanghai public screen to the console,
		or checks whether a public screen is frontmost, or at least
		partially visible, or whether it exists at all.  Any public
		screen may also be popped to the front.  Can also find the
		public screen of an arbitrary console.  Needs Amiga-OS 2.04
		or better.  Version 1.3a, includes source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

OberonPrefs	A preferences editor for manipulating the compiler and linker
		options of A+L Amiga-Oberon.  Manipulates both the global
		options as well as project specific options and includes a
		comfortable interactive GUI, a powerful commandline and Tool-
		Types interface, Localization and more.  Requires Amiga-OS
		2.04 or better, takes advantage of Amiga-OS 2.1 and 3.0 if
		present.  Version 1.11d, giftware, binary only.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

RawInsert	A utility to insert text or any other input events into the
		input stream.  Data can be either raw ascii text or commodi-
		ties input description sequences.  Requires Amiga-OS 2.04 or
		later.  Version 1.0, includes source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

SetEnv39	A compatible substitute for Commodore's SetEnv shell command
		that takes advantage of the new OS3.0 GVF_GLOBAL_ONLY flag
		with a new SAVE/S switch which makes SetEnv39 affect global
		vars in the ENVARC: directory if you run OS3.0 or later.  Re-
		quires OS 2.04, new SAVE/S feature requires OS 3.0 to work.
		Version 39.0, includes source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0924
---------------------

EdWordPro	A fully featured and fully operational text editor which
		offers all the standard features of any decent editor as
		well as the ability to hold up to 15 documents in memory,
		a Macro facility, Keyword Text Casing (i.e. editor will
		automatically force keywords into upper/lower case etc);
		The ability to send AmigaDOS commands; 12 possible screen
		resolutions; A full ASCII table; Powerful search routines;
		Vertical Blocks; A built in calculator; A Word Count; The
		ability to sort a piece of text alphabetically .. and much
		more.  EdWord can be used to edit binary files as well as
		plain vanilla texts and as such becomes a competent file-
		based editor (like NewZap).  Version 4.0 is a demonstration
		release and is placed in the Public Domain (binary only).
		Author:  Martin Reddy

HD_Frequency	A 'professional' hard disk recording system with many fea-
		tures.  Sampling rates as 60 khz on A1200 or 35 khz on stan-
		dard A500 are no problem any longer.  The program includes
		a 4 track hd-sequencer that manages replaying 4 tracks at
		the same time from HD.  Limited, demo version only.  This
		is version 37.142, shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Michael Bock

P-Reader	An all-purpose reader that displays texts,pictures, anima-
		tions and sounds, which may be uncompressed or compressed by
		P-Compress or PCompress2.  Texts can contain embedded static
		or animated illustrations and sounds.  Version 7.1, an
		update to V6.2 on disk 744.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author: Chas A.Wyndham

S_Anim5		Turns Anim5 animations (DPaint, Videoscape, P-Animate etc.)
		into self-contained, self-displaying, compressed files call-
		able from the Workbench or CLI.  Version 1.3, an update to
		V1.1 on disk number 885.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A.Wyndham

S-Exec		A simple program to turn executable command files into self-
		executing compressed (imploded) commands, functioning exactly
		as the uncompressed original.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Chas A.Wyndham

S-Omni		Will turn almost anything into a self-contained self-execut-
		ing compressed file, including virtually any combination of
		a data file and an appropriate tool.  Scripts (with all the
		files called in the script), installation files, demonstra-
		tions, tutorials, can all be made completely self-contained,
		needing no special libraries or external support.  Freeware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Chas A.Wyndham

WB-Version	A "Version" command for the WorkBench.  Meant for use with
		ToolManager, allows you to see the version of a library,
		executable, etc. without having to resort to the CLI.  Ver-
		sion 1.2, now recognizes libraries, devices and is generally
		a lot more robust than the previous releases. Includes source
		in Amiga E.
		Author:  Hkan Hellberg

CONTENTS OF DISK 0925
---------------------

DonsGenies	A collection of nearly seventy "genies" (ARexx scripts) for
		use with Professional Page, plus some supporting material.
		Also includes a French language version with some additional
		material.  Version 2.0, update of Version 1.0 on Disk 724.
		Shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Don Cox, french translations by Fabien Larini

SoundMachine	Allows you to load, save, and play various sound file formats
		including RAW, IFF, VOC, and WAV.  Two versions are included:
		one with an Intuition interface and a smaller CLI version.
		Very useful for those who frequent BBS's and have access to
		these type of sound files.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Syd L. Bolton, Legendary Design Technologies.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0926
---------------------

JcGraph		Business grapher with Intuition interface.  JcGraph can show
		your data as bar,line, planes, stack, blocks, 2D and 3D, etc.
		Features: Real-time rotation around X, Y, Z axis, on-line
		help, professionnal looking 2D and 3D graphs output.  ARexx
		interface with 40+ commands.  User manual on disk in French
		and English versions.  Can output: EPS, 3D GEO, IFF ILBM, and
		AegisDraw2000.  Version 1.13, an upgrade to version 1.100 on
		disk 760.  Now Freely redistributable (Save enabled and >3X3
		charts).  Binary Only.
		Author:  Jean-Christophe Clment

TreeTool	A public-domain link library toolkit for working with non-
		balanced, acyclic, n-ary trees.  Provides many useful func-
		tions and an easy to use, yet powerful API.  Version 1.0,
		includes full sources in 'C'.
		Author:  Jean-Christophe Clement.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0927
---------------------

EquiLog		A Master-Mind type game.  Version 1.5, an update to version
		1.36 on disk number 590.  Binary only.
		Author:  Pierre-Louis Mangeard

Finger		A quick and dirty port the unix finger utility for AmiTCP.
		Includes binary and source.
		Author:  Regents of the University of California,
			 Amiga port by William Wanders
		
FTP		A port of BSD FTP code, which runs under AmiTCP and AS225
		release 2.  Includes source for SAS-C (version 6) or Aztec
		C (version 5.2).  Binary included for AmiTCP.
		Author:  Regents of the University of California,
			 Amiga port by Mark Tomlinson & Geoff McCaughan

Telnet		A port of BSD TELNET code, which runs under AmiTCP and AS225
		release 2.  Includes source for SAS-C (version 6) or Aztec
		C (version 5.2).  Binary included for AmiTCP.
		Author:  Regents of the University of California,
			 Amiga port by Mark Tomlinson & Geoff McCaughan

CONTENTS OF DISK 0928
---------------------

AddTools	Allows you to add your own items to the "Tools" menu of Amiga
		OS 2.04's Workbench Screen.  Unlike other menu utilities,
		which only add the ability to run programs by menu, AddTools
		can also pass them some parameters on "the fly" in the form
		of icons, selected before choosing the desired menu item.
		You can also provide default values if no icons are selected,
		and you can decide if the the program must be run in either
		synchronous or asynchronous mode when multiple icon parame-
		ters are selected.  Requires OS2.04+, Version 1.11, binary
		only, freeware.
		Author:  Alessandro Sala

Annotate 	A text editor written for ADos 2.0 and up.  Takes advantage
		of Public screens and the system default font.  Features in-
		clude folding, shifting, full clipboard support, macros,
		scroll bar, editor buffering, printing, text locking, tools
		menu, and a full Arexx Port.  Fixes a bug with AmigaDos 3.0
		and the file requester.  Version 2.0, an update to version
		1.8 on disk number 751.  Binary only.
		Author:  Doug Bakewell

DefPubScreen	A little wedge that makes the front-most screen the default 
		public screen.  If the front-most screen isn't a public
		screen, nothing changes.  It wedges into the vertical blank-
		ing interrupt server chain and watches Intuition's record of
		the front most screen.  When the front-most screen changes,
		the main task is signaled and responds by making the front-
		most screen the default public screen if possible.  This is
		all totally transparent and happens very quickly, and is
		very handy for people who have separate screens for Shell
		windows etc.  Version 3.00, an update to version 2.00 on
		disk number 909.  Binary only.
		Author:  Matt Francis

MiserPrint	A print utility that puts up to 8 normal pages of text on
		one sheet of paper. You are able to save paper and time.
		MiserPrint uses the small built-in fonts (Courier and
		Letter Gothic) of the HP-Deskjet printers.  Version 1.0,
		requires Kickstart 2.04 or higher, binary only.
		Author:  Heinz-Guenter Boettger

MRChoice	MultiRequestChoice is a requester utility designed as a
		powerful and comfortable replacement for ASK and other
		present requester utilities.  It is very useful for both
		batch files and ARexx scripts.  MultiRequestChoice supports
		multi-gadget requesters, multi-line bodytext in the reques-
		ter with a center option and opening requesters on public
		screens with a position control option.  Version 1.0, re-
		quires OS2.x or higher and the reqtools.library V38+.
		FreeWare version, binary only.
		Author:  Rainer Scharnow

PriMan		A Task Priority Manager along the same lines as	TaskX, but
		fully Style Guide compliant, font-sensitive, and configur-
		able.  Requires OS2.0 or greater.  Includes C source, free-
		Ware.
		Author:  Barry McConnell

TeXFormat	Enables you to select TeX format files easily.  Scans the
		directory where your TeX format files reside and creates an
		array of radiobuttons of the appropriate size.  Moreover, 
		shows the filenotes of the format files making it easier to
		remember the purposes of the format files.  Two versions of
		the program, A very flexible one based an Stefan Stuntz's
		MagicalUserInterface (MUI) and a less nice non-MUI version
		(of the same functionality, however).  Version 2.00, includes
		source.  Also included is a 68000 version executable of
		TeXPrt that was left off of disk number 892 by mistake. 
		Author:  Richard A. Bdi

CONTENTS OF DISK 0929
---------------------

MegaD		A full-featured directory utility.  Supports multiple direct-
		ories, multiple text/HEX reader, multiple source directories,
		multiple destination directories and disk copy.  User defined
		gadgets will launch internal, external and ARexx Commands.
		Full ARexx support with 123 commands plus user added ARexx
		commands.  User defined Menus.  User defined screen layout of
		all objects such as Gadget Sets and Directory Windows.
		Version 3.0, binary only.  Part 1 of a 2 part distribution,
		AmigaGuide documentation can be found in lha'rced form in the
		MegaD_Docs directory on disk number 930.
		Author:  John L. Jones.

WBvwm		With Workbench 2.04 we got the ability to use a bigger Work-
		bench screen than fits on the display (virtual Workbench
		screen).  Biggest problem is that scrolling around with the
		mouse is too slow, so the author decided to make a program
		like X-window's olvwm, which also has virtual screens and
		windows.  WBvwm opens up a small window representing the
		entire Workbench area.  Within the window, "objects" repre-
		sent all open windows.  By moving an object, the correspond-
		ing window can be placed anywhere within the Workbench area.
		You may also instantly move to any part of the Workbench
		area by double-clicking in the corresponding area of the
		WBvwm window.  Version 2.0, requires OS 2.04 or higher.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Juhani Rautiainen

CONTENTS OF DISK 0930
---------------------

Fonts		Two fixed-pitch fonts designed for high resolution screens.
		More readable than the standard topaz-fonts.  Public domain.
		Author:  Gerhard Radatz

MegaD_Docs	AmigaGuide documentation in lha'rced form for MegaD, a full-
		featured directory utility.  Includes script files to unpack
		to HD or floppy.  Part 2 of a 2 part distribution.  Part 1
		includes the MegaD binary and support files and can be found
		on disk number 929.
		Author:  John L. Jones.

QuadraComp	An intuition based music tracker that uses the internal sound
		capabilities of the Amiga.  Handles both Noisetracker modules
		and Extended modules.  Features: 128 kb x 256 samples; 256
		rows x 256 patterns; Uses any screenmode; Realtime spectrum
		analyser.  Requires OS 2.0+.  Version 2.0, binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Bo Lincoln & Calle Englund

RCON		A replacement for the CON:-Handler of Amiga-OS 2.x / 3.x.
		Has many new features including scrolling back text which
		has disappeared, enhanced copy & paste support and much
		more...  This is the demonstration distribution of a share-
		ware product.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Gerhard Radatz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0931
---------------------

Comgraph	A powerful function plotter.  You can administer up to ten
		functions at the same time, plot functions and their deriva-
		tives, zoom these and calculate symbolic derivatives, zero
		points, extreme points, turning points and saddle points,
		poles and gaps.  Furthermore, you can calculate integrals
		(integral, area, curve length, rotation volume, rotation
		surface).  Contains a simple scientific calculator, linear
		equation solver, prime factor reduction, and prime number
		calculator.  High print quality.  English and German version
		coexistant in one program.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Andre Wiethoff

DynamiteWar	A tiny game for 2-5 players who fight against each other.
		It is similar to the commercial Dynablaster or Bomberman,
		except a 1-player mode is not available.  On the other hand,
		there are a great number of extras.  To win the game, one
		player has to disintegrate all other players by exploding
		bombs.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Andre Wiethoff

Modules		Command extensions for the M2Amiga V4.xx Modula-II Compiler
		of A+L AG.  In about 13 Modules are over 410 importable
		objects with 311 commands and functions, for programming
		devices, graphics and intuition.  The are four Modules alone
		covering graphics (GraphicsSupport, Copper, Fonts, Simple3D),
		with a total of 140 commands.  Most modules contain one or
		two demo programs showing sample usage.
		Author:  Andre Wiethoff

CONTENTS OF DISK 0932
---------------------

DynamicSkies	A big toolbox for astronomy that has, for an ultimate goal,
		to answer with speed any question that may arise on celestial
		objects.  For example, suppose you have an urge to observe
		Jupiter tonight from your window; You may consult rise/set
		times of Jupiter, ask when it crosses south-west (supposing
		your window faces south-west), and with just a mouse click
		have a glance at the simulated sky at this time.  You may
		even animate Jupiter's path across the sky with a time-step
		animation.  Of course, if you're a real star gazer, don't
		forget your binoculars or telescope for the real thing!
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Patrick DeBaumarche

Fleuch		A little game with more than five extra large stages.  The
		object is to pickup up your cargo and climb safely to the 
		next stage, without being shot or running into anything, 
		(including your cargo!).  Scrolling, shooting, some gravi-
		tation, similar to Thrust (C64).  Version 2.0, and update
		to version 1.0 on disk number 760.  Binary only.
		Author:  Karsten Gtze, title music by Andreas Spreen

StackMon	A program to monitor the stack use of other programs or tasks.
		Has a convenient GadTools front end.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04
		or higher.  Version 1.0, includes source in E.
		Author:  David Kinder

CONTENTS OF DISK 0933
---------------------

ConvertHAM	A utility to convert HAM picture files to ordinary ILBM
		files, with 2 to 256 colours (2 to 32 on non-AGA machines).
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  David Kinder

EditKeys	A keymap editor.  Supports editing of string, dead and modi-
		fiable keys, as well as control of repeatable and capsable
		status of each key.  New test mode, plus LoadKeymap support
		utility.  Version 1.4, an update to version 1.3 on disk 817.
		Binary only.
		Author:  David Kinder

GuiArc		A graphical user interface for cli-based archivers like lha,
		arc, ape, zoo, etc.  It has the 'look & feel' of a directory
		tool and can perform all basic actions on archives, such as
		Add, Extract, List, Test, Delete, etc.  You can enter archives
		as if they were directories.  You don't have to know anything
		about archivers.  Fully configurable.  Archivers not included,
		requires AmigaDOS 2.0+.  Version 1.22, an update to v1.10 on
		disk number 863.  Binary only, freeware
		Author:  Patrick van Beem.

PhxAss		PhxAss is a complete macro assembler, which supports the
		instruction-set and addressing modes of all important Motorola
		processors (MC68000,68010,68020,68030,68040,6888x and 68851).
		It understands all common assembler-directives (Seka, Devpac,
		Metacomco, etc.) and can generate linkable Amiga-DOS object
		files or absolute code.  In both cases the user has the op-
		portunity to choose between the large and small code/data-
		model.  PhxAss is written entirely in assembly language and
		works with Kickstart 1.2/1.3, OS2.x and OS3.x.  Version V3.60,
		an update to version V3.30 on disk number 905.  Binary only,
		with documentation in English.
		Author:  Frank Wille

PhxLnk		Linker for Amiga-DOS object files, which also supports the
		small-code/data model.  Version V2.03, an update to version
		V1.35 on disk number 853.  Binary only, with documentation
		in English.
		Author:  Frank Wille

ShellMenus 	A program to help Shell users be more prolific and save time.
		Shell Menus creates user definable menus that attach to the
		Shell window.  Offers an intuition interface to edit your
		menus instead of a text editor and many other features not
		found in other programs that use menus.  Requires OS2.04+,
		Version 2.7, binary only.
		Author:  Mark Ritter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0934
---------------------

ABackup 	A very powerful backup utility.  Has a full Intuition inter-
		face, a "batch" mode, can save/load file selection, handle HD
		floppies, use any external compression program, etc...  This
		new version adapts itself to the default font and screen mode,
		and may be up to 40% faster than previous versions.  Includes
		French, German, and English versions.  Version 4.03, an update
		to v2.43 on disk 871.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle.

AZap		A "new generation" binary editor, able to edit files, memory
		or devices like floppy or hard disks.  It can open several
		windows at the same time, is localized, and handles all OS3.0
		file systems.  Includes both French and English documentation.
		Version 2.11, an update to version 2.04 on disk number 875.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

PublicManager	Public screen tool which opens public screens that are freely
		configurable (depth, size, font, ...) and have their own menu
		(palette, quit, tools,...) Requires Kickstart >2.04!  Version
		1.4, an update to verision 1.2 on disk 685.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Watzl

ToolType	A program to make it easier to edit tooltypes in icons.  Tool-
		Type will read the tooltypes from an icon file and let you use
		your favorite text editor to change or add to the tooltypes.
		Includes an option to sort the tooltypes alphabetically.
		Version 37.206, requires OS2.0+, binary only.
		Author:  Michael J Barsoom.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0935
---------------------

AmiCDROM	A CDROM disk filing system for the Amiga.  It supports the
		ISO-9660 standard and the Rock Ridge Interchange Protocol.
		The CDROM drive is mounted as a DOS device (e.g. CD0:).  You
		can access files and directories on a CDROM disk by the usual
		syntax, e.g. "type cd0:foo/readme.txt".  Version 1.7, includes
		source.
		Author:  Frank Munkert

Badger		An icon management utility.  When you throw files on Badger's
		appicon they get a new icon depending on which pattern in
		Badger's list they match.  Version 1.1.
		Author:  Erik Sagalara.

ClipWindow	A program that makes it easy to put frequently used text on
		the clipboard.  It opens an AppWindow on the Workbench which
		accepts Project icons and associated text files.  The text is
		copied to the clipboard ready for pasting.  Text may be in a
		separate disk file or directly entered as Tool Types in the
		Project icon.  Also included is ConPaste, a Commodity by
		Carolyn Scheppner which allows pasting clipboarded text almost
		anywhere.  AmigaDOS 2.0 or higher required.  Version 1.0,
		includes source
		Author:  Jim Harvey

LazyBench	A little utility for lazy people with a hard disk crammed full
		of goodies which are too difficult to reach because they are
		buried away in drawers inside drawers inside drawers inside
		drawers...  LazyBench installs itself as a commodity, adds an
		item under the Workbench "Tools" menu and waits in the back-
		ground.  Use its hot key combination to pop up its window and
		then select an item.  Now OS 2.xx only and fully "User Inter-
		face Style Guide" compliant.  Font sensitive (uses the Default
		Screen Font) and each gadget has a single key equivalent.
		Version 1.12, an update to version 1.10 on disk number 894.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Werther 'Mircko' Pirani

MuchMore	Another program like "more", "less", "pg", etc.  This one uses
		its own screen to show the text using a slow scroll.  Includes
		built-in help, commands to search for text, and commands to
		print the text.  Supports 4 color text in bold, italic, under-
		lined, or inverse fonts.  Can load xpk-crunched files, has a
		display mode requester and is localized (german catalog in-
		cluded).  Version 3.6, an update to version 3.3 on disk number
		895.  Includes source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert, Christian Stiens

VirusChecker	A virus checker that can check memory, disk bootblocks, and
		all disk files for signs of most known viruses.  Can remember
		nonstandard bootblocks that you indicate are OK and not bother
		you about them again.  Includes an ARexx port, supports SHI's
		Bootblock.library.  By using this library and its brainfile
		you have the ability to add new Bootblock viruses as SHI
		release new brainfiles.  Version 6.33, an update to version
		6.30 on disk 913.  Binary only.
		Author:  John Veldthuis

CONTENTS OF DISK 0936
---------------------

BaseConvert	GUI program to convert a number from one base to another.
		Shows conversions between Decimal/Hex/Octal/Binary all
		simultaneously.  Requires Kickstart 2.0 or higher.  Version
		1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Johan Vande Ginste.

Spooler		Prints textfiles in the background.  Copying a file to the
		SPOOL: directory is all that is required.  The program shows
		you a list of files to be printed and gives you a report on
		the file currently being printed.  Requires Kickstart 2.0
		or higher.  Version 2.3, binary only.
		Author:  Johan Vande Ginste.

TKEd		TKEd is a very comfortable Intuition-based ASCII editor with
		an english and german user-interface.  It can read texts packed
		with PowerPacker, has user-definable menus, a comfortable AREXX
		interface with 116 commands, an interface to some errortools
		for programmers, macros, undo, wordwrap, supports foldings,
		has an online help mode, and many other features.  TKEd is re-
		entrant and can be made resident.  It's Kickstart 1.3/2.04
		compatible, supports the new ECS-screenmodes, an application
		window and checks itself for linkviruses.  Version 1.17a, an
		update to version 1.11 on disk 781.  Evaluation version, with
		editing limited to files 9999 lines and less.  Binary only,
		shareware.
		Author:  Tom Kroener

CONTENTS OF DISK 0937
---------------------

64Door		A Commodore 64 Terminal emulator program which allows you to
		call Commodore 64 BBS systems in the C64-specific color
		terminal mode commonly referred to as C/G mode.  Written in
		100% 68000 Assembly language.  Version 1.0, binary only,
		public domain.
		Author:  Clay Hellman

Galactoid	A one or two player shoot-em-up game that resembles the old
		arcade classics Galaga and Galaxian.  You must avoid and des-
		troy waves of dive-bombing enemies.  Written in 100% 68000
		assembly language using direct hardware access for maximum
		smoothness and playability.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Clay Hellman

KingCON		A console-handler that optionally replaces the standard 'CON:'
		and 'RAW:' devices.  It is 100% compatible, but adds some VERY
		useful features, such as: Filename-completion (TAB-expansion);
		A review-buffer; Intuition menus; Jump-scroll.  (FAAST output!)
		Cursor-positioning using the mouse; MC68020-optimized version;
		And more...  Version 1.0, requires OS2.x, binary only.
		Author:  David Larsson

Knit		Converts an IFF picture (8-colors or less) into a knitting
		pattern.  For a specified stitch size, Knit will tell you
		how many stitches per row are needed and how many rows are
		used.  Knit bases all of its calculations on the size of a
		standard monitor screen which means that your finished knit-
		ting should be about the size of your screen.  (Thus, if you
		have a extra large or small monitor, you may need to make
		adjustments.)  Version 1.01, binary only.
		Author:  Don Finlay

Megasquad	A two player game with two modes of gameplay:  Tag and Duel.
		Features many different play boards, has music, sound, and is
		very smooth.  Written in 100% 68000 assembly language using
		direct hardware access.  Binary only, public domain.
		Author:  Clay Hellman

WhereK		A highly configurable hard drive utility.  Features an auto-
		matic disk cataloger with 3 modes, turns directories into
		ascii files that can be saved and searched, allows other
		programs to run while continuing in the background, creates
		lists with versions of the libraries on your hard drive and
		disks.  All files created can be saved.  Features 2 help
		modes, individual help for keys and a comprehensive help
		mode, both accessible from the program.  Runs on WB2.0+
		except for the Library Versions Bulk Lister which requires
		WB3.0 and above.  Version 3.0, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Kenneth J. McCormick.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0938
---------------------

Angie		ANother Great Intuition Enhancer commodity that offers about
		100 Intuition related actions you may assign to multiple
		arbitrary hotkeys.  Arbitrary DOS commands and input event
		data may be assigned to the hotkeys too.  Furthermore, Angie
		includes automatic window hunting, auto ActiveWinTask priority
		increment, 'TWA' type window remembering, auto DefPubScreen
		definition, etc.  Angie comes with a comfortable Intuition
		user interface.  This is version 1.6, giftware, includes
		source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

AppISizer	New, localized version of the AppIcon utility that gets the
		size of disks, directories or files.  Gives the size in bytes,
		blocks and the actual size occupied.  Supplied with a French
		catalog.  Includes English documentation in AmigaGuide format
		and French documentation.  Also offers several new enhance-
		ments.  Requires KickStart 37.175 or higher.  Version 0.68,
		an update to version 0.61 on disk 853.  Binary only.
		Author:  Grard Cornu.

DPU		Disk Peek and Update, a hex disk and file editor.  Functions
		include show device info, show bitmap, check disk, zap file,
		zap disk, zap filesystem and zap rigid disk blocks.  Version
		1.5, an update to version 1.2 on disk number 721.  Binary
		only, freeware.  Requires Release 2.04 or higher.
		Author:  Frans Zuydwijk

Filters		A GUI-based RC Filter design program.  Allows you to set the
		desired characteristics for either a high or low pass filter,
		calculate the required values, and display/print the resultant
		phase/frequency graphs.  Version 1.2, binary only, shareware.
		Requires OS2.0+.
		Author:  Wim Van den Broeck

MN3A		An antenna design program used to calculate currents, imped-
		ance, and fields of wire antennas.  The wires may contain
		lumped-constant loads.  Environment may be free space or
		various groundtypes.  Version 1.0, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Jim Martin.

PicCon		An aid for graphics programmers.  PicCon will use the data-
		types library to load any picture format you've got support
		for, and you will then be able to extract any part of the
		picture and save it in your desired format.  Ordinary bit-
		planes, "blitterlines", chunky pixels and various sprite
		formats are supported.  The raw data can be saved as binary,
		assembly or C source.  Saving of the palette entries in a
		variety of formats is also supported.  Requires OS3.0.
		Version 1.06, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Morten Eriksen.

TurboLeusch	With the help of "Turbo-Leuschner" you are able to create
		your own  menus for Workbench-based windows or expand already
		existing menus.  Turbo-Leuschner supplies ALL functions of the
		Workbench-Menu-System.  With Turbo-Leuschner, you supply the
		name of the window and the menu file to attach to it, thus you
		can attach menus to the "AmigaShell" window, your favorite
		GUI-based utility, or simply the WorkBench Window itself.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Thomas Hlle

CONTENTS OF DISK 0939
---------------------

AddPower	A utility that adds some miscellaneous useful features to
		the 2.0+ OS.  Includes:  file requesters in any program,
		stop drive clicking, fix menus and pen colors of pre-2.0
		programs, wildcard * = #?, make screen borders black, open
		any window on front screen.  All features are independantly
		configurable.  Workbench and AmigaDOS interfaces with online
		AmigaGuide documentation.  Version 37.6, binary only.
		Author:  Ian J. Einman

AlertHelp	A little tool that helps you to interpret the alertmessages.
		When an alert occurs, the program displays a window with a
		little description of the alert.  This is version 0.55.
		Freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Jan Hagqvist

ARexxSuper	An all-purpose mouse-controlled ARexx communication program.
		All done via a nice GadTools interface, documentation in
		AmigaGuide format, useful for testing and debugging ARexx
		interfaces.  Requires reqtools library V38+ and Kickstart
		2.0+.  Version 1.0, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Frdric Delacroix

CloseWB		This program attempts to close the WorkBench screen after "n"
		seconds.  It is useful to put into startup-sequences that start
		an application and no longer need the WorkBench screen (such
		as Imagine).  The closing of the WorkBench screen will save
		some chip RAM.  Will work with any Amiga running KickStart
		2.0 or higher.  Version 1.0, binary and source included.
		Author:  Daniel Bachmann

ExtraCmds	A set of 18 AmigaDOS commands, chiefly inspired by UNIX,
		written to augment the collection distributed as part of
		the System Software Release 2.04 (V37) and will not run under
		older releases.  This is the second  public release consisting
		of the commands Common, Compare, Concat, Copyright, Count,
		DirTree, Find, Head, Lower, Prepare, SCD, Split, Splitname,
		Tee, Testbits, TimeCom, Unique and Usage.  Includes an English
		User's Reference Manual in LaTeX format and source code.
		Author:  Torsten Poulin

IanUtils	A collection of some small but useful Assembly language tools.
		Included are:  Colors, a kickstart 3.0 palette editor.  Edit
		any screen's palette by percents, rather than fixed integers;
		Output, an AppIcon that will call your text/picture/sound/etc.
		viewer.  Customizable for any IFF type; SetColor, Allows set-
		ting screen colors from the shell, useful for scripts; SetDepth,
		a command to change screen depth.  Give your WB1.3 8 colors;
		EMenu, adds key equivalents to WB1.2/1.3 menus.  Lays out the
		menus "prettier."  Source included for SetColor, SetDepth and
		EMenu.
		Author:  Ian J. Einman

Upcat		Disk catalog program.  Read file information from disks, store
		it in a catalog in memory, save/load catalogs to/from disk,
		display catalog in several ways, select files to be displayed,
		print (selection of) catalog, 32 user definable categories,
		add comment to records in catalog, ARexx interface, user
		definable macro menu.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.0
		on disk number 854.  Binary only, freeware.  Requires Release
		2.04 or higher.
		Author:  Frans Zuydwijk

CONTENTS OF DISK 0940
---------------------

AltTab		A small Commodity that successively displays the screens
		titles at the press of 'Alt-Tab' and allows you to choose
		which screen to bring to the front.  Requires Kickstart
		37.175 or higher.  Version 0.2, binary only.
		Author:  Grard Cornu.

BootMan		A boot manager program that allows you to select a startup-
		sequence at boot time using the mouse or keyboard.  Also
		allows password protection and a timer to load a default
		startup if none is selected.  Includes a preference editor
		for easy modification and startup.  Will work with any Amiga
		running KickStart 2.0 or higher.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Daniel Bachmann

VideoMaxe	A video database that satisfies all needs of a private video
		user.  With full OS 2.1+ and environmental support (localiza-
		tion, application icon, installer, font-sensitive runtime
		gadget layout, layout saving, guide documentation, ...) the
		program handles record suggestions, spool informations, free
		amount of additional data per tape or title, comfortable
		search routines, printing, etc.  Requires OS 2.1.  Version
		04.20, update to version 03.22 on disk number 637.  Binary
		only, Shareware.
		Author:  Stephan Suerken

CONTENTS OF DISK 0941
---------------------

CardZ		Patience card games.  Includes two version of Klondike, The
		Wall and Up/Down.  Version 1.0, binary only, freeware.
		Requires Release 2.04 and needs a 640x256 PAL HighRes screen.
		Author:  Frans Zuydwijk

FlipPrefs	With this program, you can  create several preferences files,
		(The "DEVS:system-configuration" type) of different names and
		switch between them on command.  A sample usage would be to
		customize the startup script to set different preferences
		depending on the operating system booted into.  Could also be
		useful in different development environments or for machines
		with multiple users.  Version 1.0, binary only, freeware,
		Author:  Thorsten Stocksmeier

Guide2Doc	Converts AmigaGuide file to a normal document without any
		"@{xxx}"'s, but full ANSI-support!  CLI-ONLY, optional table-
		of-contents-generation and page-numbering.  Output goes to
		StandardOut, so you may redirect it, eg. ">prt:", or read the
		guide in CLI.  V1.0, freeWare, includes C-source.
		Author:  Bernd (Koessi) Koesling

Mine		A Modula-2 implementation of an old computer game.  You have an
		N * N square with mines hidden in some fields.  Your job is to
		mark them with a flag as fast as possible.  Version 2.0, an
		update to version 1.8 on disk number 835.  Contains some bug
		fixes and improvements.  Most important:  now always uses the
		default public screen and does not open it's own  multitasking
		and-chipmem-goodbye-screen.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.0, Source
		in M2Amiga Modula-2 and (newest) 68020 version are available
		from the author.
		Author:  Thomas Ansorge

SOUNDEffect	Sound sample editing program.  Special features include:
		temporary buffers, frequency and amplitude modulation
		(tremolo and vibrato), echo, special reverb effect, chorus
		effect, mixer, free hand editing, low and high pass filter,
		compresser, expander, limiter, distortion and all the usual
		functions (copy, paste, insert, cut, looping, zooming etc.).
		All effects are available in stereo.  This is no update
		to V1.32!, the program has been completely re-written and
		has a new user interface.  Runs with OS1.3 or above.  Version
		2.10, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Sven Bhling

YAMFG		Yet Another Mine Field Game.  This is a big classic.  Your
		tank must move through the variable-width and height mine
		field to a target.  Mainly designed to help beginners cope
		with assembly.  Uses reqtools.library  Nico Franois.
		Version 1.0, includes heavily commented source.
		Author:  Frdric Delacroix

CONTENTS OF DISK 0942
---------------------

ACalc		A small calculator with floating point, hexadecimal and
		decimal modes.  Has 10 memories, saves the last result in
		the clipboard, may be used with the mouse or keyboard.
		With OS 2.x and 3.0, may be installed as a Commodity.
		Includes both French and English versions.  Binary only.
		Author:  Denis Gounelle

AS65		A comfortable and efficient 2 pass cross assembler for the
		Whole 6502 processor family.  Version 2.3d, contains docu-
		mentation in both english and german.  Binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Lehmann

LibraryGuide    An AmigaGuide file that lists about 170 different "libraries"
		often found in the LIBS: directory and a simple one or two
		line description of their purpose along with version info
		and where to get them, etc.  May help you determine whether
		or not you actually "need" some of these space-consuming
		things.  Version 1.0.
		Author:  Dan Elgaard

WBMenu		A simple CLI-only tool that allows you to add new menu-entries
		to the "Tools" menu of the Workbench.  Useful for scripts and 
		batch files, simple to use.  Requires OS2.04+.  Version 3.4, 
		Includes source in assembler for both English and german 
		versions.  Shareware.
		Author:  Thorsten Stocksmeier

CONTENTS OF DISK 0943
---------------------

Clock		A simple Clock program but with the handy feature that you can
		"snapshot" the clock to stay with any screen or it can be free
		to pop to the frontmost screen automatically.  Up to 4 alarm
		times can be set, which can simply put up a requester or cause
		some program to run in background.  Hourly chimes can also be
		made to run a program (I.E. a sound sample player).  Uses
		locale.library with OS2.1+.  Version 2.20, an update to
		version 2.00 on disk number 869.  Binary only.
		Author:  Bernd Grunwald

IRMaster	A package for the substitution of remote controls by the
		Amiga.  You can learn and send nearly any infra red command.
		That means you can control e.g. your tv set from the workbench.
		With an editor you can create remote controls and with a
		runner you can use them on your wb.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Jrgen Frank & Michael Watzl

JIStoJi		A program to read and print Japanese electronic text.  JIStoJi
		automatically identifies electronic texts written in Old-JIS,
		New-JIS, Shift-JIS, or EUC-JIS (as well as, of course, ASCII)
		and displays them on screen, or prints them to dot-matix
		printers.  Version 1.5, binary only.
		Author:  Gerald B. Mathias

MCMaster	Another music cassette cover printing utility which should
		work together with any printer that supports pica and fine.
		Other features are a search function and a list function which
		allow you to put, for example, all the song names in a list
		gadget to scroll around.  Requires Kickstart >2.04!  Version
		1.2, an update to version 1.1 on disk 685.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Watzl

Mkfont		Converts standard Amiga fonts into softfonts for the Hewlett
		Packard II (compatible) laser printers.  It is entirely
		written in assembly and is quite fast.  It can double the
		softfonts in size and smooth's them automatically.  Version
		1.0, binary only, freeware,  Runs from CLI only.
		Author:  Tonio Voerman

WBflash		A small program that nicely flashes (or color-cycles) the
		active window or Workbench background.  With some simple
		gadget clicks you can generate and save your own custom
		flash-patterns.  Written in assembler.  Includes both English
		and Swedish versions.  Requires OS2.0+.  Version 1.12, binary
		only.
		Author:  Thomas Pettersson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0944
---------------------

AngusTitler	A program to create videotitles for (e.g.) your holiday films.
		It is possible to scroll 350 lines up the screen.  Of course,
		the colors, fonts, fontstyles, border etc. can be changed.
		It is also possible to load a background picture.  This is
		only a demo-version that is limited to 10 lines, all other
		options are enabled, even saving and loading.  The full version
		can be obtained from the author for $35 US or 45 DM.  Version
		4.0, binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Guner.

ARegress	A program for stistical evaluation of measurements.  You can
		use it to estimate different kinds of regression, and to print
		graphs of the regressions.  Version 2.0, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Sven Bhling

BlockEd		Disk block editor, simple but very easy to use.  Compatible
		with 1.3 and up. Version 1.4, initial release.  Contains most
		source (in C) for light reading.
		Author:  Andrew Kemmis

Lhf		A dir-utility and archiver with CLI and intuition interface.
		Enables you to copy, move, delete or rename archive files as
		if they were ordinary files.  Extraction and compression is
		automatically performed as needed.  With the configuration
		program 'LhfEd' you can customize it to perform external
		commands.  Version 1.03, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Stefan Pampin

Parcheese	Like the classic board game.  The aim of the game is to get
		all of your markers safely around the board to your home base.
		Three levels of play, players selectable between human/comp-
		uter.  Includes documentation in english and spanish.  Version
		1.7g, binary only.
		Author:  Xavier Egusquiza

PhoneDir	Personal Phonedirectory (PPD) was designed to remember addres-
		ses and phone numbers for you, and also dial the numbers auto-
		maticly.  PPD was designed especially with multitasking in
		mind. When you are doing something else, its window can be
		minimized, and when you need to, you can call someone just by
		a click on the mouse. PPD uses almost no system power when
		not used.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Hallvard Korsgaard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0945
---------------------

EmacsStarter	A good Emacs starter.  With it you can load files into a
		running Emacs.  Has an option to use a public screen (requires
		"ScreenManager"), full WB support, double-click icons into a
		running Emacs, new icon creating scheme, use different icons
		depending on what type of file you are editing, sticky flag,
		the script doesn't terminate until the requested buffers are
		terminated.  Release 1, includes ARexx and C source.
		Author:  Anders Lindgren, Bo Liljegren

IFFConvert	A program to convert the different compression methods of IFF
		ILBM files.  It supports the normal compression, a new comp-
		ression method that compresses column by column instead of
		row by row, and uncompressed files.  Version 1.12, an update
		to version 1.11 on disk number 699, includes source.
		Author: Matthias Meixner

MineRunner	A freeware game like Lode Runner, but with more features.
		Supports the 4 player adapter for the parallel port, uses
		soft stereo where possible, doesn't stop multitasking and
		saves highscores to disk.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Bock

Orm		An improved version of PD "Snake" game on disk number 810 by
		Michael Warner.  You control an "orm" (Danish for worm or
		snake), living in a small window on the default public screen,
		which grows by eating "frogs" and avoiding obstacles.  This
		version tries to be smart about its window borders and the
		screen mode (Interlace, Superhires, etc.).  Supports locale
		library if present.  English, German, Italian, and Swedish
		catalogs are supplied.  Default language is Danish.  Includes
		the catalog description file and full DICE and SAS/C (Lattice)
		compatible source.  Version 1.4,  Public Domain.  Requires
                AmigaDOS 2.04 or higher.
		Author:  Torsten Poulin

PrtSc		Have you ever noticed that there is a PrtSc-key on the numeric
		keypad?  This program makes it work!  By pressing the PrtSc
		key on your keypad, you get a screen dump to your printer.
		Version 1.52, an update to version 1.08 on disk number 897.
		Freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Jan Hagqvist

Reminder	A utility to remind you about events.  It consists of an event
		editor and a small program that is put in your WBStartup (or
		run from S:user-startup).  Every time you boot your machine,
		this program checks the event database and puts up a requester
		(and optionally calls an ARexx script) if there are events
		that you need to be reminded about.  Version 1.20, freeware,
		C source included for DICE and SAS6.x.
		Author:  Matti Rintala

CONTENTS OF DISK 0946
---------------------

AmiQWK		QWKMail format offline message system.  Allows reading of
		QWKMail format offline message packets popular with many
		bulletin board systems (BBSes).  Replies can be edited using
		any text editor and packed for transfer at a later time.
		AmiQWK has been tested with many QWKMail systems for IBM and
		Amiga based BBSes.  Requires Workbench 2.04 or higher. 
		Release 2 version 2.2, an update to Release 2 version 1.0
		on disk number 907. Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Jim Dawson

DMon		DMon is a multi-purpouse utility written for the author's
		personal use during program development.  It is a Monitor,
		Dissassembler, Debugger and development system.  You may
		find similarities to Amiga Monitor by Timo Rossi, but DMon
		is different, it can dissassemble and debug 68xxx software
		in User and Supervisor Mode.  If you do not know what that
		means, then do not use DMon!  Version 1.86, binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Smigielski

fd2pragma	A small utility to create prototypes for the Aztec C compiler
		or the Aztec Assembler from FD files as they are distributed
		from Commodore with the Include files.  Includes C-source.
		Author:  Jochen Wiedmann

PriMan 		A configurable, Style Guide compliant task priority manager.
		Along the same lines as TaskX, PriMan is font-sensitive,
		resizeable,  uses a slider gadget to change the priority of
		any task, and has buttons for sending a Ctrl-C signal to a
		task, or removing it from memory.  Version 1.1, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk number 928.  FreeWare, includes C source.
		Author:  Barry McConnell

TrashIcon	A WorkBench 2.x application icon to delete files.  Puts an
		icon at a user defined position on the WorkBench screen,
		then deletes all files that are dragged onto it.  Version
		2.3, an update to version 1.4 on disk number 871.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Mark McPherson

Yass		Yet Another Screen Selector, a commodity with several nice
		features such as: Completely controllable via keyboard (of
		course you can use your mouse, if you really want to);
		Shows Screens and Windows (option); Shows PublicScreenname
		or ScreenTitle (option); Ability to change the default Public
		screen; Opens window even on non-public screens (option).
		Font-sensitive; Resizeable window.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Albert Schweizer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0947
---------------------

Mand2000D	Demo version of a revolutionary fractal program that makes
		it far easier to explore the Mandelbrot set.  Mand2000 is
		compatible with all Amigas.  It has separate calc routines
		that have been optimized for the 68000, 68020, 68030, 68040
		and 68881 processors respectively.  It automatically detects
		these to ensure maximum performance.  Mand2000 also makes
		full use of AGA graphics when available.  A number of
		enhancements since the original demo version.  Version
		1.102, binary only.  Requires OS 2.04.
		Author:  Cygnus Software

NewTool		A program that will quickly replace the default tool in
		project icons.  You can specify the tool to use, use a file
		requester to pick the tool, or allow NewTool to automatic-
		ally choose the proper tool depending on the file type.
		Version 37.195.  WB 2.0+ required.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael J Barsoom.

ScreenSelect	A commodity to change screen order by selecting a screen name
		from a listview.  Also allows binding of hotkeys to any screen
		with a proper name.  Supports automatic activation of windows
		(remembers last activations) when changing to new screen, is
		configurable with Preferences program, has a full intuition
		interface and is font sensitive (including proportional fonts).
		Documentation in AmigaGuide, ASCII and DVI formats.  Requires
		AmigaOS 2.04 or later.  Version 2.1, an update to version 2.0
		on disk number 915.  Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Markus Aalto

SMaus		A highly configurable "SUN-mouse" utility, implemented as a
		commodity with a graphical user interface.  It activates the
		window under the mouse pointer if you move or after you have
		moved the mouse or if you press a key.  You can specify titles
		of windows which shall not be deactivated using wildcards.
		Requires at least AmigaOS 2.04, uses locale.library if avail-
		able.  Includes english and german docs, german and swedish
		catalog file (english language built in).  Version 1.24, an
		update to V1.17 on disk 868.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Stefan Sticht

SteamyWindows	A small yet very useful commodity that increases the priority
		of the owner task of the active window, and restores the task's
		priority when the window becomes inactive unless someone else
		modified the task's priority meanwhile.  This is version 1.0,
		includes source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0948
---------------------

ADis		A 68000+ disassembler which can automatically recognize data
		and strings put into the code segment.  It also generates only
		those labels that are really referenced.  The generated file
		will often be reassemblable.  In V1.1, ADis is capable of
		recognizing all 68020 and 68881 instructions even with the
		68020's extended addressing modes.  ADis  will also try to
		resolve addressing relative to a4, which many C compilers use
		in a small memory model.  Version 1.1, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Apel

Snoopy		Enables you to monitor library function calls - of any library
		you wish.  The idea of course came from SnoopDos by Eddy
		Carroll, but Snoopy is different in approach and purpose.
		Snoopy has no specific patches for specific functions - it
		is an all-purpose tool to monitor *ANY* library call in
		*ANY* system library.  Version 1.4, includes assembly source.
		Author:  Gerson Kurz, FH Muenchen

VirusZII	Release II of this popular virus detector that recognizes
		many boot and file viruses.  The filechecker can also decrunch
		files for testing.  The memory checker removes all known
		viruses from memory without 'Guru Meditation' and checks memory
		for viruses regularly.  VirusZ has easy to use intuitionized
		menus including keycuts for both beginners and experienced
		users.  Release II versions of VirusZ require OS2.O+.
		This is Release II Version 1.00, an upgrade to Release I
		version 3.07 on disk number 902.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Georg Hrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0949
---------------------

BBBBS		Baud Bandit Bulletin Board System.  Written entirely in
		ARexx using the commercial terminal program "BaudBandit".
		Features include up to 99 file libraries with extended
		filenotes, up to 99 fully threaded message conferences,
		number of users, files, messages, etc. are only limited
		by storage space, controlled file library and message con-
		ference access for users and sysops, interface to extra
		devices like CD-ROM and others, all treated as read only,
		complete Email with binary mail and multiple forwarding,
		user statistics including messages written, files uploaded
		or downloaded, time, etc, plus much more.  Now includes a
		complete offline reader/answer called bbsQUICK.rexx, and
		Call Back Verification for local callers.  Version 6.5, an
		update to version 5.9 on disk 883.  Includes complete ARexx
		source.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

TitleClock	A little commodity (about 3k) that throws up a clock in the
		top right corner of a screen's titlebar.  It may be set up
		to display itself on one or more screens without running 
		multiple copies of the program.  It may also be set to follow
		your default public screen and also to always display on the
		frontmost screen.  Version 2.7, binary only.
		Author:  Anders Hammarquist

CONTENTS OF DISK 0950
---------------------

BBDoors		A collection of rexxDoors adjusted to work with BBBBS 6.5.
		Includes complete ARexx source.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton and various others.
 
bbsQUICK	An offline read/reply/upload/download module for BBBBS.
		Complete GUI with support for multiple BBBBS systems.
		Version 6.4 and update to version 5.9 on disk number 883.
		Includes complete ARexx source.
		Author:  Richard Lee Stockton

BusyPointers    A collection of busy pointers for use with 'NickPrefs'.
		(NickPrefs can be found on disk number 780).
		Author:  Dan Elgaard

ClockTool	A simple CLI utility do perform operations on the battery-
		backed-up and/or system clock, e.g. display either/both,
		set one from the other, increment, and log. Most of these
		features, particularly those accessing the battery-backed-
		up clock, are not available using current AmigaDos commands.  
		Version 1.0, includes source.
		Author:  Gary Duncan

Enforcer	A tool to monitor illegal memory access for 68020/68851, 68030,
		and 68040 CPUs.  This is a completely new Enforcer from the
		original idea by Bryce Nesbitt.  It contains many new and
		wonderful features and options and no longer contains any
		exceptions for specific software.  Enforcer can now also be
		used with CPU or SetCPU FASTROM or most any other MMU-Kick-
		start-Mapping tool.  Major new output options such as local 
		output, stdout, and parallel port.  Highly optimized to be as
		fast as possible.  Version 37.55, an update to version 37.52
		on disk number 912.  Requires V37 of the OS or better and an
		MMU.  Binary only. 
		Author: Michael Sinz

PayAdvice	Easy-to-use pay analysis program which is easily configured to
		deal with the way deductions are made from your salary.  Useful
		for investigating just how large a slice of your hard earned
		cash ends up in the hands of the tax man, or to make sure that
		your employer isn't deducting more from your wages than he
		should.  Version 3.00, binary only, shareware.
		Authors:  Richard Smedley, Andy Eskelson, Robert Hart

Sushi		A tool to intercept the raw serial output of Enforcer 2.8b,
		Enforcer.megastack 26.f, Mungwall, and all other tool and 
		application debugging output that uses kprintf.  This makes
		it possible to use serial debugging on a single Amiga, without 
		interfering with attached serial hardware such as modems and 
		serial printers.  Sushi also provides optional signalling and 
		buffer access to an external display/watcher program.  Version 
		37.10, an update to version 37.7 on disk number 733.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0951
---------------------

IconMiser	Intercepts attempts by programs to create icons and substi-
		tutes images or icons you prefer in their place.  Easy to
		configure, works with 1.2 or above.  Supports icon drag-n-
		drop with 2.0 or above.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Todd M. Lewis

MaxonMAGIC	Demoversion of the commercial program MaxonMAGIC, an anim-
		ated screenblanker and crazy soundprogram.  The complete
		version includes 15 different blankers and two disks full
		of samples.  The demo is almost completely operational.
		Settings can't be saved and it will also remind the user
		that it is a demo every now and then.
		Author:  Klaus-Dieter Sommer, distributed by MAXON Computer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0952
---------------------

MachV		Release 5.0, version 37.5 of the hotkey/macro/multipurpose
		utility.  You can record keystrokes and mouse events,
		manipulate screens and windows, popup a shell, view the
		clipboard, blank the screen and much more.  This release
		has a complete ARexx interface, so you can execute ARexx
		programs and functions from hotkeys and store results in
		environment variables.  The optional title bar clock is an
		AppWindow.  You can drop an icon in the clock and its name
		is set in a variable for use in macros.  The documentation
		has been rewritten and includes two indices.  This is the
		freely distributable release of 5.0.  It is the same as the
		registered version except this version has a "welcome"
		window and has a limit of 25 macros.  It has been localized
		for deutsch and francais.  Requires OS2.04+.  This is an
		update to MachIV on disk number 624.  Binary only, share-
		ware.
		Author:  Brian Moats, PolyGlot Software

UUArc		UUArc is an archiving system designed to enable easy trans-
		mission of binary files/archives over communcation links
		only capable of using ASCII, such as Electronic Mail.  It
		encodes binary files into files containing only printable
		standard ASCII characters.  Written primarily for use with
		GuiArc to add UUEncoding/UUDecoding facilities to it, it
		takes similar command line options to other commonly used
		archiving programs.  This is version 1.3, an update to
		version 1.1 on disk 912.  Public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Julie Brandon

CONTENTS OF DISK 0953
---------------------

AmigaToNTSC	AmigaToNTSC patches graphics.library so it will think you
		have an NTSC Amiga.  AmigaToPAL will patch it to think you
		have a PAL Amiga.  Custom screens will open in the mode
		selected.  Version 1.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk
		number 575.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

AppCon		Declares the actual CON:-window as an AppWindow and lets you
		drop your icons in this window.  Then, the name and path of
		the icon are inserted into the current command line exactly
		as if you typed them with your keyboard, but slightly
		faster!  Version 37.177, includes source.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

ByteFilter	Lets you to filter out specified bytes from any file, so you
		are able to extract the texts from a binary file, for ex-
		ample.  This is version 1.20 and it uses jhextras.library,
		which is included in the libs drawer.  Freeware, includes
		source.
		Author:  Jan Hagqvist

EasyCatalog	An IFF-CTLG catalog file editor.  From now on, you can just
		enter the text for the catalog and save it.  Existing cata-
		logs can be loaded and changed.  Requires Kickstart 2.x or
		higher.  English and Dutch (Nederlands) catalogs supplied.
		Version 0.8, binary only.
		Author:  Jeroen Smits

ISAM		A Server/Library.  Even novice programmers can store and/or
		retrieve database records.  Powerful, multi-"user", almost
		unlimited number & size of records/files.  Different users
		may access same file, file and record locking (exclusive or
		shared), multiple keys/file.  Keys may: ascend/descend,
		have unique/repeatable values, be up to 499 bytes.  Many
		record retrieval methods.  Recover Index file if lost or
		corrupt.  Deleted record space reclaimed.  Small: server
		is less than 51K; Resident Library less than 9K.  Usable
		from C/Asm./ARexx/etc.  AmigaDOS V1.2 and up.  Shareware,
		binary only, examples w/source.  Version 1.03, an update
		to version 1.01 on disk number 766.
		Author:  Scott C. Jacobs, RedShift Software

LHA_DOpus	An ARexx script for Directory Opus 4.11 that lists the
		contents of lha-archives in a DOpus window.  Allows extract,
		delete and add operations on specific files of the archive.
		Version 1.0, freeware.
		Author:  Michiel Pelt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0954
---------------------

MFT		Multi-Function Tool.  A little assembly program (just over
		1K) that can perform all of the following DOS commands:
		RENAME, DELETE, MAKEDIR, WAIT, FILENOTE.  Useful for disks
		where every byte counts and you don't want a bunch of bigger
		utilities taking up room.  Current version does not support
		pattern matching.  Version 1.03, includes source in assem-
		bler.
		Author:  Thorsten Stocksmeier

SCAN8800	A specialized database program to store frequencies and
		station names for shortwave transmitters.  It can also
		control a receiver for scanning frequency ranges.  Version
		2.38, an update to version 2.33 on disk number 864.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Rainer Redweik

CONTENTS OF DISK 0955
---------------------

DlxGalaga	A shoot'em up game.  Deluxe version of an old classic.
		Version 1.0, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Edgar M. Vigdal

MuroloUtil	Several CLI or script based utilities.  Included are:
		Button - A little utility that opens a requester with
		custom text.  Useful for batch and scripts; C64Saver -
		A utility that reads C64 basic programs, decodes and
		saves them in a readable file; Calendar - A utility
		which prints a monthly calendar and some information
		about the days; CarLost - A utility that causes DTR
		to drop on the serial port; CDPlayer -  A utility to
		play a musical CD on CDTV or A570; FMBadFmt - Intuition
		based utility which formats BAD floppies and makes them
		useable; KickMaker - A utility to create a new KickStart
		disk with the last version of kickstart on it...  For
		A3000 owners only; SerTest - A utility that opens a
		window and shows the status of serial port signals
		Switch - A utility that opens a little centered window,
		that has custom text and two buttons for choice.
		Most programs require OS2.04+, some source included.
		Author:  Felice Murolo

PFS		A filesystem for the Amiga.  Offers higher performance on
		all operations and full compatibility with AmigaDos.
		Requires Kickstart 2.0 or higher.  Shareware release 1.0,
		version 6.11.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michiel Pelt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0956
---------------------

DDBase		A simple database program.  Features:  Up to 1500 records,
		up to 20 fields/record;  Draw up to 10 Bevel/FlipBoxes,
		Box, Circles;  Import/Export data as ASCII or Superbase;
		Uses external fields {ASCII/IFF}.  Installation utility
		provided.  Version 3.00, requires OS2.x or greater.
		Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Peter Hughes

FMsynth		A program to create sounds with FM synthesis.  It has six
		operators, a realtime LFO and a free editable algorithm.
		The sound can be played on the Amiga keyboard or on a MIDI
		keyboard which is connected to the Amiga.  The sounds can
		be saved in IFF-8SVX (one or five octave) or raw format.
		FMsynth has an AREXX port now.  Included are 230 FM sounds.
		Version 3.3, an update to version 1.1 on disk number 895.
		Shareware.
		Author:  Christian Stiens

SetDefMon	A small utility to set the system's default monitor during
		WBStartup or to zap the default monitor on the fly.  Possi-
		ble default monitors include Pal, Ntsc, Euro36, Super72,
		DblNtsc and DblPal.  Version 1.2, includes source in C.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0957
---------------------

PARex		PARex is a program which allows you to process files, mostly
		textfiles, whereby strings can be replaced by another, text
		between two strings can be stripped, strings put in lower or
		upper case.  PARex supports normal text searching, wildcard
		searching, context remembering and word-only searching.
		Using data scripts enables the use of an unlimited number of
		such replace commands.  Each replace command can be indivi-
		dually controlled.  All ASCII codes can be used in the
		search and replace strings, even entire files, dates, times,
		can be inserted in such strings.  Custom formatted hexadeci-
		mal output is also supported.  Over twenty ready to use
		program scripts are included to perform simple tasks as:
		converting files between different computer systems, strip-
		ping comments from source files, finding strings in files,
		converting AmigaGuide files to normal text files,... even
		automatic version updating of source files.  By the way,
		v3.00 is about two to more than twenty times faster than
		the previous versions, and is supplied in english, german,
		french, and dutch.  This is version 3.00, an update to
		version 2.12 on disk number 859.  Binary only (but the
		source is available), shareware.
		Author:  Chris P. Vandierendonck

VChess		Fully functional shareware chess game completely written in
		Amiga Oberon.  Features: selectable screen type (can run
		right on the workbench screen); sizeable board; Two-human,
		Computer-Human and Computer-Computer play modes; Load, save
		games; Load/save/print movelist;  Use/save openings;  Time
		limits; Solve for mate; Selectable fonts;  Setup board;
		Rotate board; Show movelist; Show thinking; ... and more.
		Requires OS2.0+, and should run even on low memory (512K)
		machines if the opening library is not used.  Version 2.0,
		binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Stefan Salewski

CONTENTS OF DISK 0958
---------------------

Alert		A small command to display texts in a recovery-alert.  Works
		on all machines with Kickstart V33 or higher.  Version 1.1,
		includes source.
		Author:  Ketil Hunn

Fed-CASE	A graphical environment to design flowcharts.  The source
		code generator generates directly compilable C source.
		The generated code can be compiled on other computer
		systems.  I.E. you can generate source code for a C com-
		piler on a UNIX operating system or a PC operating system.
		Version 1.0 (demo version), binary only.
		Author:  Christian Joosen, Ron Heijmans

TestMaker	NOT just a test creator for teachers.  Ten years in develop-
		ing, this one makes up tests, review sheets, quizzes, etc.,
		in a variety of formats, and helps the teacher maintain a
		question database for use in most subjects.  Version  3.12,
		binary only (Compiled HiSoft Basic), shareware.
		Author:  Bill Lunquist,  Bob Black

CONTENTS OF DISK 0959
---------------------

AmigaDiary	AmigaDiary is a handy workbench tool of the type that
		currently abound office PC's.  It is a mouse driven diary
		capable of storing all personal events and is the perfect
		solution to all those forgotten birthdays, missed appoint-
		ments etc.  Version 1.13, binary only.
		Author:  Andrew K. Pearson

HQMM		Hero Quest MapMaker.  With HQMM, you can create your own
		missions for Hero Quest, the board game.  You can place
		all objects that are in the Hero Quest set (doors, traps,
		furniture, monsters etc.) on the map and you can write
		your own story to go with it.  All this will be printed
		out in the same style as the original Hero Quest missions.
		Version 1.11, requires OS2.0+.  Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Camiel Rouweler

IntuiMake	A tool for developers, created with the intention of
		building complex projects, with an easy to use graphics
		user interface.  No further knowledge about conventional
		makes is needed, because Intuimake does not deal with
		script files or things like that.  Requires OS2.0+.
		Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Bjrn E. Trost and Dirk O. Remmelt

CONTENTS OF DISK 0960
---------------------

Imperial	An oriental game in which you have to remove tiles from a
		layout (like Shanghai or Taipei).  Every game has a solution
		and there's a layout editor.  English NTSC version and
		French PAL version supplied.  Some other versions available
		from the author.  Version 2.0, binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Jean-Marc BOURSOT

Minesweeper	Yet another minesweeper game.  This one forgives the
		player, when he hits a mine, if no useful inferences
		could be made from the exposed information.  The element
		of luck is sharply reduced.  First version, binary only.
		Author:  Donald Reble

PowerPlayer	A very powerful, user friendly and system friendly module
		player.  It can handle nearly all module-formats,
		can read powerpacked & xpk-packed modules and comes along
		with its own powerful cruncher that uses the lh.library.
		Has a simple to use userinterface and an ARexx port,
		has locale-support and a nice installer script for CBM's
		installer utility.  Version 4.0, update to version 3.9 on
		disk number 863.  Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Stephan Fuhrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0961
---------------------

FIVE-STAR	Demo version of a powerful prediction tool for LOTTO,
		POOLS, SWEEP, DIGIT (eg 4d) and HORSE (races) systems
		available worldwide.  The program uses an identical
		framework for all five systems but they are run com-
		pletely individually so that any number of them can
		be used simultaneously.  All records, updates, pre-
		dictions, bets and results are stored separately and
		can be saved to disk or sent to the printer at any time.
		This demo version is supplied with a very basic manual
		and is completely functional except for data input.
		Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Joe Taylor

MPMaster	A useful MIDI program that enables to transmit/receive
		samples via MIDI between the Amiga and any MIDI device
		that supports the MIDI Sample Dump Standard format (such
		as the Yamaha SY85 synthesizer).  It has a WorkBench
		interface, can play samples and all settings of the sample
		can be modified before transmission.  Includes a circuit
		to build a very small MIDI interface.  Distributed in two
		languages: English and Spanish.  Requires WorkBench 2.04
		or higher.  Version 1.2, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Antonio J. Pomar Rossell

CONTENTS OF DISK 0962
---------------------

EnvTool		A tool for a project icon, born out of a severe need to
		allow users to use their own tools for reading doc files,
		viewing pictures, editing files, etc.  EnvTool will send
		the associated file to either the tool specified by an
		environment variable, or a selected default tool if the
		environment variable is not set.  Version 0.1, includes
		source in C.
		Author:  Dan Fish

EZAsm		Combines 68000 assembly language with parts of C.
		Produces highly optimized code.  Uses C-like function calls
		( supports all 3.0 functions ), taglists, braces, "else",
		".fd" support, and much more.  Comes bundled with A68k
		and Blink, for a complete programming environment.
		This is version 1.8, an update to version 1.7 on disk 699.
		Includes example source and executable files.  Binary only.
		Author:  Joe Siebenmann

MuchMore	Another program like "more", "less", "pg", etc.  This one
		uses its own screen or a public screen to show the text
		using a slow scroll.  Includes built-in help, commands to
		search for text, and commands to print the text.  Supports
		4 color text in bold, italic, underlined, or inverse fonts.
		Can load xpk crunched files.  Has a display mode requester.
		Is localized with German, Italian, French, and Swedish cat-
		alog files.  Supports pipes.  Requires KickStart 2.04 or
		later.  This is version 4.2, an update to version 3.6 on
		disk number 935.  Includes source in Oberon-2.
		Author:  Fridtjof Siebert, Christian Stiens

ToolAlias	Provides  a  mechanism  for rerouting specific programs
		to other programs.  For example, with ToolAlias, you could
		reroute all references to ':c/muchmore'  to use 'sys:util-
		ities/ppmore' instead, so that when browsing documents on
		a Fish disk, you get to use your favourite text viewer,
		rather than loading the one specified in the document's
		ToolTypes.  Requires OS2.0+.  Version 1.02, Includes source.
		Author:  Martin W. Scott

Touch		Another Amiga version of the Unix utility with the same
		name.  Touch changes the date and time stamp of all speci-
		fied files to the current date and time.  This version will
		also create an empty file (like the Unix version) if the
		specified file does not exist.  Version 1.2, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 919.  Public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

CONTENTS OF DISK 0963
---------------------

BootPic		BootPic shows nearly any IFF picture that you like while
		your system is initialized after a reset.  Additionally,
		it may play a MED-Module.  Requires OS 2.0 or higher.
		Version 3.1, a major update to version 2.1b on disk number
		718.  Binary only.
		Author:  Andreas Ackermann

Codecracker	Another MasterMind clone.  Difficulty level may be set by
		selecting the number of color columns and the number of
		different colors to choose from.  Documentation contained
		within the program.  Version 2.23,  binary only.
		Author:  Michael Reineke

SIOD		An interpreter for the algorithmic language Scheme, a dia-
		lect of LISP developed at MIT.  Siod is a C implementation
		that covers a large part of the standard and can be run
		with a small amount of memory (also runs on old A500 NOT
		expanded).  It is the ideal tool to learn the language or
		for experimenting with functional languages.  Version 2.6,
		includes source and examples.  Based on the original code
		from Paradigm Inc.  An update to version 2.4 on disk number
		525.
		Author:  Scaglione Ermanno

Split!		A high-speed file splitter.  Splits a large file into
		several smaller files (size is user-definable).  Due
		to the use of a 32k buffer, Split! is up to 14 times
		faster than the competition.  CLI interface.  Originally
		created for transporting large documents.  Version 1.0,
		binary only.
		Author:  Dan Fraser.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0964
---------------------

Angie		ANother Great Intuition Enhancer commodity that can be
		used to assign AngieSequences that can consist of dozens
		of Intuition related actions, arbitrary dos commands
		and input event data to an unlimited number of hotkeys.
		Furthermore, these AngieSequences can be executed via
		ARexx.  Angie's capabilities include auto window hunting,
		auto ActiveWinTask priority increment, 'TWA' window
		remembering, auto DefPubScreen definition, etc.  Angie
		comes with a comfortable Intuition user interface and
		is completely localized.  Includes English and German
		documentation and German catalog.  Version 3.6, an update
		to version 1.6 on disk number 938.  Binary only, giftware.
		Author:  Franz Schwarz

NewDate		A replacement for the AmigaDOS command 'Date'.  Besides
		the usual date options, NewDate enables date output in your
		own defined format.  NewDate currently supports 18 lang-
		uages: English, German, French, Dutch, Italian, Spanish,
		Portugese, Danish, Finnish, Swedish, Norwegian, Icelandic,
		Polish, Hungarian, Czech, Romanian, Turkish and Indonesian.
		Version 1.20, an update to version 1.10 on disk number 859.
		Binary only, freeware,
		Author:  Chris Vandierendonck

RIVer		This program searches an embedded version ID in a file.
		Like the 'Version' command you can check the version and
		revision number of a file.  You can also add this embedded
		version ID as a filenote, or print it in a table where each
		field of the ID is clearly stated.  You can also construct
		your own version comment using embedded version ID fields.
		Version 2.30, an update to version 2.00 on disk number 787.
		Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Chris P. Vandierendonck

Stocks		Demo version of a stocks analysis program.  Provides
		powerful technical analysis using numerous studies
		including Candlesticks, traditional bar charts, 3
		moving averages, MACD, Stochastics, Gann, TrendLines,
		%R, Average Volume and more.  It generates buy/sell
		signals based on customizable trading rules and
		graphs daily, weekly, and monthly charts using a
		simple ASCII data file format compatable with Compu-
		Serve historical data.  Displays on Workbench or Custom
		Public Screen.  Includes on-line AmigaGuide help text.
		Requires OS2.0+.  Version 3.02a, binary only.
		Author:  James Philippou, Bug-Free Development

CONTENTS OF DISK 0965
---------------------

CDPlay		A small CD Player designed for the Xetec CDx Software.
		The program uses a small window that opens on the
		Workbench screen.  Smaller with many more functions
		than those on the player that is supplied with the
		Xetec Software.  Version 2.01, binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

UChess		A powerful version of the program GnuChess version 4 for the
		Amiga.  Plays a very strong game of chess.  Code has been
		rewritten and data structures reorganized for optimal effi-
		ciency on 32 bit 68020 and better Amiga systems.  Fully
		multitasking, automatically detects and supports 640X480X256
		color AGA mode machines, and does not at any time BUSY wait.
		Requires a 68020/030/040 based Amiga computer system with
		AmigaOS 2.04 or later and 4 Meg of ram minimum.  Special "L"
		version optimized for 68040 and requires 10 Meg of ram mini-
		mum.  Supports a variety of standard features such as load,
		save, edit board, autoplay, swap sides, force move, undo,
		time limits, hints, show thinking, and a supervisor mode
		that will allow two humans to play with the computer acting
		as a "supervisor".  Version 2.69.  Source for this version 
		may be found on AmigaLibDisk966. 
		Author:  FSF, Amiga Port by Roger Uzun

CONTENTS OF DISK 0966
---------------------

CDTV-Player	A utility for all those people, who'd like to play Audio
		CD's while multitasking on WorkBench.  It's an emulation of
		CDTV's remote control, but is a little more sophisticated.
		Allows access to the archive even without a CDROM drive
		(i.e. AMIGA 500-4000), although you can't play a CD.  Pro-
		gram and KARAOKE (live on-screen) included.  Recognizes CDs
		automatically.  Works on all CDTVs, AMIGA CD 32 and all CD
		ROM emulating the cdtv.device or cd.device.  Version 2.31,
		an update to version 2.05 on disk 894.  Freeware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

FHSpread	A Spreadsheet program that uses its own custom screen.  Can
		be switched between hires, laced and PAL, NTSC.  Should work
		on any amiga with at least 1MB.  Version 2.01, an update to
		version 1.71 on disk number 887.  Binary only.
		Author:  Frank Hartog

UChessSrc	Lha archive of all the sources necessary to build UChess 
		version 2.69 as contained on disk number 965.
		Author:  FSF, Amiga Port by Roger Uzun

CONTENTS OF DISK 0967
---------------------

IconTrace	Use this program to find out which tooltypes a program
		supports and which icons it looks for.  KickStart 2.0 or
		higher required.  This is version 2.02, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

MUI_usr		An object oriented system to create and maintain graphical
		user interfaces.  From a programmer's point of view, using
		MUI saves a lot of time and makes life much easier.  Think-
		ing about complicated terms like window resizing or font
		sensitivity is simply not neccesary.  On the other hand,
		users of MUI based applications have the ability to custom-
		ize nearly every pixel of a program's interface according
		to their personal taste.  Version 1.4, this is part 1 of a
		2 part distribution and contains the user system.  The 
		developers support package can be found on disk number 968.
		Shareware.
		Author:  Stefan Stuntz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0968
---------------------

DiskInfo	A replacement for the AmigaDOS 'Info' command, but can
		additionally give more extensive information on the disk
		(volume) and/or on the device in which the disk is inserted.
		Version 2.00, an update to version 1.00 on disk number 783.
		Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Chris P. Vandierendonck

JustLook	A collection of routines for controlling the mouse and key-
		board thru generation of 'Input Events'.  Implemented as
		object code to be linked with your programs.  This is for
		application writers who like to include HowToDo programs
		with their applications.  Users can actually see how to do
		things, rather than describing them in document files. This
		is not a recorder, mouse and keyboard events are generated
		in real time and so the software adapts itself to changes
		at a particular execution.  Includes example programs and
		source in C and assembly.
		Author:  Kamran Karimi

MUI_dev		An object oriented system to create and maintain graphical
		user interfaces.  From a programmer's point of view, using
		MUI saves a lot of time and makes life much easier.  Think-
		ing about complicated terms like window resizing or font
		sensitivity is simply not neccesary.  On the other hand,
		users of MUI based applications have the ability to custom-
		ize nearly every pixel of a program's interface according
		to their personal taste.  Version 1.4, this is part 2 of a
		2 part distribution and contains the developer support 
		package.  The user system can be found on disk number 967.
		Shareware.
		Author:  Stefan Stuntz

PowerSnap	A utility that allows you to use the mouse to mark charac-
		ters anywhere on the screen, and then paste them somewhere
		else, such as in another CLI or in a string gadget.  Checks
		what font is used in the window you snap from and will look
		for the position of the characters automatically.  Recog-
		nizes all non-proportional fonts of up to 24 pixels wide
		and of any height.  Works with AmigaDOS 2.0 in both shell
		and WorkBench environments.  This is version 2.2, an up-
		date to version 2.1b on disk 781.  Binary only.
		Author:  Nico Francois

CONTENTS OF DISK 0969
---------------------

ACE		ACE is a FreeWare Amiga BASIC compiler which, in conjunc-
		tion with A68K and Blink, produces standalone executables.
		The language defines a large subset of AmigaBASIC but also
		has many features not found in the latter.  A simple graph-
		ical front-end (Integrated Development Environment) is
		also provided.  This is written in ACE.  Version 2.0,
		freeware, binary only.
		Author:  David Benn

DOSTrace	SnoopDOS clone with a lot more whistles and bells: session
		history, commodity, and can trace a lot more functions than
		SnoopDOS.  KickStart 2.04 or higher required.  This is
		version 2.13, binary only.
		Author:  Peter Stuer

LazyBench	A little utility for lazy people with a hard disk crammed
		full of goodies which are too difficult to reach because
		they are buried away in drawers inside drawers inside
		drawers inside drawers...  LazyBench installs itself as a
		commodity, adds an item under the Workbench "Tools" menu
		and waits in the background.  Use its hot key combination
		to pop up its window and select an item from the list
		displayed, thus launching your favourite application
		without messing around with windows and drawers.  Font
		sensitive, Style Guide compliant and fully configurable.
		Requires AmigaDOS 2.xx or later.  Version 1.14, an update
		to version 1.12 on disk 935.  Binary only.
		Author:  Werther 'Mircko' Pirani

SysInfo		A brand new release of this popular program.  It reports
		interesting information about the configuration of your
		Amiga, including some speed comparisons with other config-
		urations, versions of the OS software, and much more.
		Version 3.23, an update to version 3.18 on disk number 860.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Nic Wilson

CONTENTS OF DISK 0970
---------------------

ADM		A comfortable and flexible address database with font sensi-
		tive windows, commodity support, application window support,
		an ARexx-port, public screen support, and totally control-
		lable from the keyboard.  It includes user flags (grouping),
		email support, and freely configurable label printing.  It
		can fill out letter forms and call your word processor,
		print remittance orders, dial numbers, and has online help.
		Requires AmigaDOS version 2.04 or later.  Version 1.20, an
		update to version 1.01 on disk 847. German version only.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Jan Geissler

NoNTSC		Converts NTSC-Screens to PAL-Screens.  It links into the
		OpenScreen-Routine and looks at the height of every screen
		opened.  If it has NTSC-Height (200 Pixels), it is converted
		to PAL-Height (256 Pixel).
		Author:  Thorsten Stocksmeier

UUCode		Optimized uuencode/uudecode programs.  Designed to be 
		reliable and fast.  Also includes 68030 based versions.
		V36.6, includes source.
		Author:  Ralph Seichter

CONTENTS OF DISK 0971
---------------------

DiskInfo	A replacement for the AmigaDOS 'Info' command, but can
		additionally give more extensive information on the disk
		(volume) and/or on the device in which the disk is inserted.
		Version 2.00, an update to version 1.00 on disk number 783.
		Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Chris P. Vandierendonck

QDisk		A WorkBench utility that will monitor the space usage of
		any mounted AMIGA DOS volume, like your hard drive or your
		floppy drive.  QDisk  will also notify you if a volume
		becomes too full.  Comes  with a preference editor to
		customize QDisk to your needs.  Version 2.01, an update
		to version 1.1 on disk 903.  Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Norman Baccari

Yak		Yet Another Kommodity.  Features a sunmouse that only acti-
		vates when the mouse stops, KeyActivate windows, click win-
		dows to front or back, cycle screens with mouse, mouse and
		screen blanking, close/zip/shrink/enlarge windows with pro-
		grammable hotkeys and a lot of other configurable hotkeys.
		Fully localized English language builtin and provided cata-
		logs for Dutch, French, German, Italian and Swedish.  Docu-
		mentation in English, French, German and Italian.  Includes
		installer scripts and C source.  Version 1.57, an update to
		version 1.52 on disk number 912.
		Author:  Gael Marziou & Martin W. Scott

CONTENTS OF DISK 0972
---------------------

Icons		A bunch of 4-Color Icons from which you may find something
		suitable for your particular WorkBench environment.
		Author:  Magnus Enarsson

IntelInside	A cute little play on the marketing motto of that "other"
		family of microprocessors  ...a WorkBench TrashCan Icon.
		Author:  Unknown... (Unconfessed??)

MoreIcons	Another bunch of Icons (8-Color this time) from which you
		may find something suitable for your particular WorkBench
		environment.
		Author:  Dan Elgaard

QuickFile	QuickFile is a flexible, easy to use flat file database.
		Files can be larger than available ram, but as much of the
		file as possible is kept in ram for fast access.  Features
		include: multiple indexes that are automatically maintained;
		character, date, integer and floating point data types; up
		to 250 characters per field and 250 fields per record; form
		and list style displays and reports;  unlimited number of
		views for each file; fast sorting with multiple sort keys;
		improved search function;  fields can be added, changed, or
		deleted at any time; flexible ascii export/import; flexible
		multi-column label printing.  Runs on WB1.3 or later and
		should be OK with 512K ram.  Version 2.02, an update to
		version 1.3.3 on Disk 919.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Alan Wigginton

RCON		A replacement for the CON:-Handler of Amiga-OS 2.x / 3.x.
		Has many new features including scrolling back text which
		has disappeared, enhanced copy & paste support, window
		iconification, output logging, print window contents, and
		much more.  This is a demo distribution of a shareware
		product.  Version 1.4, an update to version 1.0 on disk
		930.  Binary only.
		Author:  Gerhard Radatz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0973
---------------------

TextPlus	A TeX frontend word processor.  TPP provides facilities
		for tables, lists, mailmerge, footnotes, inclusion of
		iff-graphics, an ARexx-Port (122 commands), printing
		via the printer.device (no TeX needed for this), and
		full OS2.xx/3.xx compatibility.  Makes use of PasTeX,
		Georg Hessmann's Amiga implementation of TeX, or
		AmigaTeX of Radical Eye Software, which is supported
		from now on.  New features: user definable menus,
		keymap, and macros; completely localized (available
		languages: english, deutsch); clipboard support;
		AppWindow, AppIcon; 11 new ARexx commands.  This is
		version 5.01, an update to version 4.10 on disk
		845/846.  Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Martin Steppler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0974
---------------------

DDLI		The Duniho and Duniho Life Pattern Indicator (DDLI) is a
		program that asks you questions in order to determine your
		Life Pattern.  The Life Patterns correspond to the sixteen
		psychological types measured by the Myers-Briggs Type
		Indicator (MBTI), and they are represented by the same
		abbreviations.  By using knowledge that Terence Duniho has
		added to the study of Type, this program also checks itself
		by asking supplementary questions about other preferences
		that correlate with a person's type.
		Author:  Fergus Duniho

KingCON		A console-handler that optionally replaces the standard
		'CON:' and 'RAW:' devices.  It is 100% compatible, but adds
		some VERY useful features, such as: Filename-completion
		(TAB-expansion); A review-buffer; Intuition menus; Jump
		scroll (FAAST output!).  Cursor-positioning using the mouse;
		MC68020-optimized version; And more... Version 1.1,
		requires OS2.x, binary only.
		Author:  David Larsson

MathPlot	A function plotter with lin/log plot, a complete KS 2.0
		interface, and ARexx support.  Needs Kickstart/WorkBench 2.0
		and mtool.library (included).  Version 2.20, an update to
		version 2.07 on disk number 916.  This is a Demo version
		with some options disabled, requires a key file for full
		functionality.  Shareware, source available from author.
		Author:  Rdiger Dreier

CONTENTS OF DISK 0975
---------------------

CLIExchange	A 592 byte CLI replacement for the standard CBM Exchange
		utility.  The only difference is that Exchange has a graph-
		ical user interface while CLIExchange has been designed to
		be called from CLI so it can be used within scripts, menus,
		docks or hotkeys.  You need at least 2.04 system release.
		C source included.
		Author:  Gal Marziou

DieserZug	A nicely done WorkBench "Worms" type game, where the object
		is to gobble up pieces making yourself longer and longer,
		while avoiding running into the walls or your "tail".
		Features 3 different speeds, high score list, pause and
		help keys.  Version 1.2a, binary only.
		Author:  Juha Vehvilinen

ITF		Amiga port of ITF4.01.  ITF stands for "Infocom Task Force".
		There have been several ports of Infocom interpreters to the
		Amiga, but none of this program.  The interpreter supports
		v1, v2, v3 (Zork1 to Stationfall), v4 (Trinity, Bureaucracy,
		etc.) and v5 (Sherlock, Beyond Zork etc.) games.  This is
		more than any other freely distributable interpreter.  With
		this interpreter you can play ALL the games in the LTOI2
		package for the IBM PC, by copying the datafiles with Cross-
		DOS or similar, then just running this interpreter.  Re-
		quires OS 2.0+.  Binary only.
		Author:  InfoTaskForce, amiga port by David Kinder

PCal		Creates a very nice looking postscript calendar.  By
		default, PCal simply prints an empty calendar.  Its
		real power is in its ability to place ``events'' in
		appropriate days on the calendar, thus allowing the
		user to create personalized calendars.  This is achieved
		through the use of a "calendar.dat" file that has
		extraordinary flexibility.
		Author:  Patrick Wood, Joe Brownlee, Andy Fyfe, et al.

CONTENTS OF DISK 0976
---------------------

Replex		REPLace EXecutable.  This handy patch substitutes program
		names that are about to be executed, e.g. if an icon
		default tool specifies ":c/MuchMore" and you prefer to use 
		"c:TextRead", you can have it defined as such.  You won't
		have to change the icon.  This version also has a "catch"
		option to automatically ask for a substitute if a tool
		wasn't found.  Replex has a font sensitive intuition inter-
		face, a snapshot option and an unlimited number of defini-
		tions, but requires AmigaDOS v2.04 or later.  This is
		version 2.0, an update to version 1.0 on disk number 791.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  ASWare, by Ekke Verheul

UChess		A powerful version of the program GnuChess version 4 for the
		Amiga.  Plays a very strong game of chess.  Code has been
		rewritten and data structures reorganized for optimal effi-
		ciency on 32 bit 68020 and better Amiga systems.  Fully
		multitasking, automatically detects and supports 640X480X256
		color AGA mode machines, and does not at any time BUSY wait.
		Requires a 68020/030/040 based Amiga computer system with
		AmigaOS 2.04 or later and 4 Meg of ram minimum.  Special "L"
		version optimized for 68040 and requires 10 Meg of ram mini-
		mum.  Supports a variety of standard features such as load,
		save, edit board, autoplay, swap sides, force move, undo,
		time limits, hints, show thinking, and a supervisor mode
		that will allow two humans to play with the computer acting
		as a "supervisor".  Version 2.78, includes source.  This
		version supports third party graphics cards.  This is part
		1 of a 2 part distribution.  Part 1 contains the executables
		and documentation, part 2 contains the source and can be
		found on disk 977.
		Author:  FSF, Amiga Port by Roger Uzun

CONTENTS OF DISK 0977
---------------------

Forth		An update to the MVP-Forth directory on AmigaLibDisk #9.
		Provided is an improved, faster screen editor which uses
		the keyboard cursor keys, backspace and delete keys and
		function keys which allow fast moving thru the screens,
		pasting from PAD and the printing of screen, triad or PAD
		to the printer port prt:.  F1 is the OOPs key.  Control
		Keys give fast editing.  The control keys and Function
		keys can be reprogrammed by the user if desired.  Runs on
		Amiga 1000 and 3000.  Probably on Amiga 500 and 2000
		(Untested).
		Author:  Fantasia Systems, Inc.  Updated by John Bos

KingCON		A console-handler that optionally replaces the standard
		'CON:' and 'RAW:' devices.  It is 100% compatible, but adds
		some VERY useful features, such as: Filename-completion
		(TAB-expansion); A review-buffer; Intuition menus; Jump 
		scroll (FAAST output!).  Cursor-positioning using the mouse;
		MC68020-optimized version; And more... Version 1.1,
		requires OS2.x, binary only. 
		Author:  David Larsson

LibraryGuide	An AmigaGuide file that lists about 210 different PD,
		Shareware and Commercial "libraries" often found in the
		LIBS: directory and a simple description of their purpose,
		version info, where to get them, etc.  May help you
		determine whether or not you actually "need" some of these
		spaceconsuming things.  Version 1.1, an update to version
		1.0 on disk number 942.
		Author:  Dan Elgaard

UChess		A powerful version of the program GnuChess version 4 for the
		Amiga.  Plays a very strong game of chess.  Code has been
		rewritten and data structures reorganized for optimal effi-
		ciency on 32 bit 68020 and better Amiga systems.  Fully
		multitasking, automatically detects and supports 640X480X256
		color AGA mode machines, and does not at any time BUSY wait.
		Requires a 68020/030/040 based Amiga computer system with
		AmigaOS 2.04 or later and 4 Meg of ram minimum.  Special "L"
		version optimized for 68040 and requires 10 Meg of ram mini-
		mum.  Supports a variety of standard features such as load,
		save, edit board, autoplay, swap sides, force move, undo,
		time limits, hints, show thinking, and a supervisor mode
		that will allow two humans to play with the computer acting
		as a "supervisor".  Version 2.78, includes source.  This
		version supports third party graphics cards.  This is part
		2 of a 2 part distribution.  Part 1 contains the executables
		and documentation, and can be found on disk 976.
		Author:  FSF, Amiga Port by Roger Uzun

CONTENTS OF DISK 0978
---------------------

MakeCat		Makes creating locale catalog files easy.  It makes catalog
		files from ASCII files that contain the strings and ID
		numbers that should be included in the catalog.  Reverse
		operation is also possible with UnMakeCat, so that existing
		catalogs can easily be translated or changed.  Includes
		example of how to use locale.library to read catalogs.
		Version 38.02, requires AmigaDOS2.1 or later.  Binary only,
		freeware.
		Author:  Camiel Rouweler

Man		A simple MAN command, known from UNIX systems.  The advan-
		tage is, that it recognizes .guide files to be AmigaGuide
		documents.  MAN then uses a different viewer in order to
		display the AmigaGuide document.  Furthermore MAN recog-
		nizes TeX-DVI files as well, using a different viewer to
		display them.  You may configure MAN using environment
		variables.  Version 1.11a, public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

MiserPrint	A print utility that puts up to 8 normal pages of text on
		one sheet of paper.  You are able to save paper and time.
		MiserPrint uses the small built-in fonts (Courier and Letter
		Gothic) of the HP-Deskjet printers.  Version 1.11, an update
		to version 1.0 on disk number 928.  Requires Kickstart 2.04
		or higher, binary only, giftware.
		Author:  Heinz-Guenter Boettger

MouseClock	A hardware/software project of a low cost, very small
		external battery backed up clock calendar for all Amigas
		(especially for A1200, A500, A600).  It is connected to the
		mouse port #2.  Version 1.22, shareware, includes source.
		Author:  Adriano De Minicis

NewEdit		A commodity, that patches all string gadgets of the system
		(better:  it installs a global edithook for the string gad-
		gets).  Beside some new edit functions, NewEdit supports
		copy and paste of text between the clipboard and string gad-
		gets.  Version 1.8, includes source.
		Author:  Uwe Roehm, based on work by Oliver Wagner

RachelValley	A 256 colour and 16 colour IFF picture of "Rachel Raccoon"
		resting after a hike.  These pictures are suitable as Work-
		bench backdrops with the right software.
		Author:  Les Dietz

CONTENTS OF DISK 0979
---------------------

KeysPlease	Displays a nice rendition of the Amiga keyboard and allows
		you to either click on a key-gadget or press a key to find
		that key's rawcode or ascii value.  Codes are displayed in
		both decimal and hexidecimal.  Version 1.3, binary only.
		Author:  Brian Koetting

MouseAideDEMO	A DEMO version of a "Mouse" utility which has all the stan-
		dard functions:  Acceleration with threshold, window and
		screen cycling by mouse and keyboard, mouse and screen
		blanking, mouse and Auto-Activation, user "hot key" command,
		Keyboard "String" macros, etc.  But also has many functions
		other "Mouse" programs do NOT, such as: Shell-Cycling, Key
		Clicking, Mouse Port switching KeyClosing, Multi-Icon-
		Select with Mouse, Middle Mouse Button Windowing, EZ-Date
		generation, Workbench to the front function, Ez-Dragging
		and Sizing, Key zipping, Freezing Mouse and Keyboard of all
		input, etc.  Now features an easy to use Pop-Up 2.xx style
		intuition interface (that functions in 1.3) and the ability
		to function correctly in all the new screen modes!  Written
		in assembly for efficiency in size and CPU usage.  Version
		v9.81a, an update to version v9.69a on disk 892.  Binary
		only.
		Author:  Thomas J. Czarnecki

QMouse		An unusually small and feature-packed "mouse utility".  Was
		inspired by, but not derived from, the original QMouse by
		Lyman Epp.  Features include automatic window activation
		(like WindX), top-line blanking for A3000/A2320 users,
		system friendly mouse blanking, mouse acceleration and/or
		threshold, "Pop-CLI", click-to-front/back, "SunMouse",
		"NoClick", "WildStar", Northgate key remapping, and more.
		Requires Kickstart 2.0, but is not a commodity.  Only 3K.
		Version 2.90, an update to version 2.30 on disk 802.
		Public domain, assembly source included.
		Author:  Dan Babcock

SnoopLibs	A clever tool for developers and others with a more-than-
		usual interest in the functioning of tasks, to patch and
		monitor any library-function-call from a certain task.  The
		output-formats can be changed and the results can be printed
		to a window, a file or printer.  Only for Kickstart v37(+).
		Includes six ".sl" files (library data) and a tool (fd2sl +
		source) to add more.  Comes with an AmigaGuide manual.  This
		is version 0.9, first public release.
		Author:  ASWare, by Ekke Verheul & Dirk Reisig

StartWindow	Configurable WorkBench "launch-program" type utility.  Opens
		a zipwindow that when activated, presents the user with a
		listwindow of pre-configured commands.  Ideal for those
		commands used infrequently enough that you don't want a
		dock-icon cluttering up your WorkBench for.   Includes
		source for both English and German versions.
		Author:  Heinz Reinert

SuperDuper	An exciting, high-speed disk copier and formatter.  Typical
		timings are 99s for a disk-to-disk verified copy, or 38s for
		a four disk non-verified format.  Also available are buffer-
		ing in RAM, on a hard disk image file or on any sector-
		based Amiga device, like RAD:, VDO:, FMS:, etc.  Real-time
		compression using the Xpk standard allows to copy in one
		pass most disks on 1M Amigas, especially in conjunction
		with a special utility which "hides" external drives to the
		system (but not to SuperDuper).  Bells and whistles include
		high density floppy support, voice, automatic date incre-
		ment, a list of the disks copied, and automatic start of
		operations based on disk insertion/ejection sensing.  Works
		on any Amiga under 2.0 and beyond.  The changes from version
		3.0 are mainly bug fixes and some new features, namely
		optional simple refresh windows, the new NoStartup switch,
		automatic source disk reads, and better window management.
		Version 3.1, an update to version 3.0 on disk number 903.
		Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Sebastiano Vigna

CONTENTS OF DISK 0980
---------------------

APipe		The `APipe-Handler' allows you to add the `APIPE:' DOS
		device to your system.  This device acts as a pipe between
		two programs, but in a different manner than the standard
		`PIPE:' device does.  This handler interprets the text
		after the `APIPE:' prefix as a command line to execute,
		and the process/command which opens the file indicated by
		the mention of `APIPE:' can now read the standard output
		or write the standard input of the program indicated by
		the command line depending on whether the `APIPE:' file
		was opened for reading or writing, respectively.   Thus,
		the opening an `APIPE:' file is analogous to the UNIX
		`popen()' call, but it is more widely available to the
		user.  Complete source is included and can be used as an
		example of a handler.  Version 37.5, an update to version
		37.4 on disk number 783.
		Author:  Per Bojsen

HWGRCS		A 3 part distribution of an RCS 5.6.0.1 port to the Amiga,
		currently at patch level 8.  Part 1 contains the binaries
		and documentation in AmigaGuide and "man" format, part 2
		contains the source code to RCS, and part 3 contains the
		source code and binaries for patch and diffutils.  The
		Revision Control System (RCS) manages multiple revisions of
		text files.  RCS automates the storing, retrieval, logging,
		identification, and merging of revisions.  RCS is useful for
		text that is revised frequently, for example: programs, doc-
		umentation, graphics, papers, form letters, etc.  Included
		are RCS 5.6, GNU diffutils 2.6 and an LP utility to support
		paged diff outputs.  Part 1 on disk 980, part 2 is on disk
		981, and part 3 is on disk 982.
		Author:  Walter Tichy, Paul Eggert, Heinz Wrobel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0981
---------------------

BootUte		A utility to enable more older software work on the Amiga
		1200 and 4000 series, It is also useful for users with
		accelerators.  Requires kickstart 2 or above.  Binary only.
		Author:  Paul Toyne

CloudsAGA	This program creates random clouds which you might use in
		your paint program, as a texture in a ray tracing program
		or as a background for your workbench.  Uses all AGA res-
		olutions.  Now requires Workbench 2.0 or higher.  This is
		version 1.05, a complete rewrite in OBERON-2.  Removed more
		Enforcer hits.  Public domain, includes source in OBERON-2.
		Author:  Daniel Amor

ConPaste	ConPaste is a 2.0 commodity that allows you to paste clipped
		text into anything.  Paste into string gadgets.  Paste into
		any text application.  In this new version, ConPaste drops
		its priority by 1 when pasting text to allow sufficient
		processor time for the receiving task or window to process
		the text.  When you press a user-defined key or key combina-
		tion, ConPaste will take any FTXT found in clipboard unit 0,
		convert the text back into input events, and send the input
		events into the input stream.  The output will go to the
		active window or string gadget.  This is version 37.25, an
		update to the version distributed with ClipWindow by Jim
		Harvey, on disk 935.
		Author:  Carolyn Scheppner

HuntWindows	Starting with 2.0 you can make screens bigger than the
		visual size of your monitor.  On a double-size workbench,
		catching windows like requesters etc. can be quite annoying
		at times.  This little utility hangs itself on the VBI
		(Vertical Blank Interrupt) to find out which window is
		being activated and moves the screen to show the window in
		full view.  Version 3.3, an update to version 1.4 on disk
		number 774.  Includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Jrg Bublath

HWGRCS		A 3 part distribution of an RCS 5.6.0.1 port to the Amiga,
		currently at patch level 8.  Part 1 contains the binaries
		and documentation in AmigaGuide and "man" format, part 2
		contains the source code to RCS, and part 3 contains the
		source code and binaries for patch and diffutils.  The
		Revision Control System (RCS) manages multiple revisions of
		text files.  RCS automates the storing, retrieval, logging,
		identification, and merging of revisions.  RCS is useful for
		text that is revised frequently, for example: programs, doc-
		umentation, graphics, papers, form letters, etc.  Included
		are RCS 5.6, GNU diffutils 2.6 and an LP utility to support
		paged diff outputs.  Part 1 on disk 980, part 2 is on disk
		981, and part 3 is on disk 982.
		Author:  Walter Tichy, Paul Eggert, Heinz Wrobel

CONTENTS OF DISK 0982
---------------------

Bin2Hunk	Convert any binary file to an AmigaDOS hunk (or object file)
		that can be linked with your linker into your program.  This
		is most useful when you wish some form of data to be a part
		of your executable.  This data can be sound samples, images,
		text, or whatever.  Sports a ReadArgs() CLI interface, as
		well as a GadTools Intuition interface.  Memory type options
		include ANY, CHIP, and FAST.  Allows naming of your hunks.
		An optional data item containing the size of your data can
		also be specified.  Version 2.2, binary only.
		Author:  Brian Koetting

HWGRCS		A 3 part distribution of an RCS 5.6.0.1 port to the Amiga,
		currently at patch level 8.  Part 1 contains the binaries
		and documentation in AmigaGuide and "man" format, part 2
		contains the source code to RCS, and part 3 contains the
		source code and binaries for patch and diffutils.  The
		Revision Control System (RCS) manages multiple revisions of
		text files.  RCS automates the storing, retrieval, logging,
		identification, and merging of revisions.  RCS is useful for
		text that is revised frequently, for example: programs, doc-
		umentation, graphics, papers, form letters, etc.  Included
		are RCS 5.6, GNU diffutils 2.6 and an LP utility to support
		paged diff outputs.  Part 1 on disk 980, part 2 is on disk
		981, and part 3 is on disk 982.
		Author:  Walter Tichy, Paul Eggert, Heinz Wrobel

JoyRide		A commodity that provides an intuition front-end for joy-
		stick events.  This has some nice advantages for both users
		and programmers.  Basic features are a simple joystick
		interface, application shareable joystick events, and joy-
		stick events now pass through the input.device stream.
		Version 1.0, includes source to example test program.
		Author:  Brian Koetting

CONTENTS OF DISK 0983
---------------------

CapsLockExt	A Commodity that extends the effect of the CapsLock
		key to every key on the keyboard, and allows the Shift
		key to temporarily cancel the CapsLock key.  This causes
		CapsLock to act like a SHIFT-lock key on a typewriter.
		Requires OS 2.04 or higher.  Version 1.0, includes source
		in assembly.
		Author:  Douglas Nelson

FastJPEG	FastJPEG is a fast JPEG picture viewer.  Besides being fast,
		it has many other advantages.  An important goal was to not
		trade quality for speed.  In fact, FastJPEG is both fast
		and has an excellent quality.  Most other JPEG viewers
		either produce ugly pictures, or need ages to perform the
		conversion to HAM mode.  Version 1.10, binary only.
		Author:  Christoph Feck

Harridan	A "Reminder" type program for your startup-sequence.  Each
		time you boot, Harridan will check your event list, if an
		event is 'due', Harridan opens a window to remind you.  If
		nothing is 'due', you're not bothered.  Designed under
		Amiga DOS 2.04 and takes advantage of all its easy to use
		features.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Andy Maxey

TitleClock	A little commodity (about 4k) that throws up a clock in the
		top right corner of a screen's titlebar.  It may be set up
		to display itself on one or more screens without running
		multiple copies of the program.  It may also be set to
		follow your default public screen and also to always dis-
		play on the frontmost screen.  Version 3.3, an update to
		version 2.7 on disk number 949.  Freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Anders Hammarquist

Viewtek		A feature packed  Picture/Animation Viewer.  Shows most
		ILBM's (including 24-bit ILBM's), most Compuserve GIF for-
		mat images, most JFIF format JPEG images and most ANIM Op-5
		format animations, with support for different palettes for
		each frame.  Supports SHAM, CTBL, and PCHG images, full
		support of ECS/AGA display modes (ie. show 256 color GIF's
		directly, show 800x600 HAM animations, etc.).  Supports
		viewing contents of clipboard.  Iconifies to a Workbench
		AppIcon.  Includes versions for DCTV, EGS, IV-24, Retina,
		Firecracker, OpalVision, and Picasso.  Requires AmigaDOS
		2.04 or later.  Version 2.1, an update to version 1.05 on
		disk 903, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas Krehbiel

Yass		Yet Another Screen Selector, a commodity with several nice
		features such as: Completely controllable via keyboard (of
		course you can use your mouse, if you really want to); Shows
		Screens and Windows (option); Shows PublicScreenname or
		ScreenTitle (option); Ability to change the default Public
		screen; Opens window even on non-public screens (option).
		Font-sensitive; Resizeable window.  Version 2.0, an update
		to version 1.1 on disk number 946.  Binary only.
		Author:  Albert Schweizer

CONTENTS OF DISK 0984
---------------------

AGIndex		Creates an index for AmigaGuide documents.  Indicies are
		sorted alphabetically and can be accessed (in AmigaGuide)
		by pressing the 'Index' button.  Index entries can be
		extracted from the source document using two different
		selecting methods: by reference or by declaration.
		Version 1.04, OS2.0 and higher, binary only, freeware
		Author:  Camiel Rouweler

ForceIcon	A utility mainly for users of CD-ROM drives.  Since one can
		not snapshot the position of a volume's icon, nor replace
		it by a user-defined one, this utility was written.  Force-
		Icon allows you to set the position of a disk's icon and/or
		replace it by a different image/icon which doesn't have to
		be a disk.info file.  All types of ".info" files may be
		selected.  GiftWare, Version 1.4, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

IconToClip	A link between the Workbench and the Shell.  It adds an item
		to the Tools menu that, when selected, puts the name of any
		highlighted icon into the Clipboard, from which it can be
		pasted to the Shell or any other program that uses the Amiga
		Clipboard.  Has an option for writing the full pathname.
		Can handle multiple icon selections, writing the names in
		row or column format.  Can also be used as an AppWindow.
		Requires 2.04 or higher.  Version 1.0, includes source in
		assembly.
		Author:  Douglas Nelson

Imploder	The Imploder allows you to reduce the size of executable
		files while having them retain their full functionality.
		There are other "crunchers" or "packers" available for the
		Amiga, but none are as mindful of the complexities of your
		Amiga system as the Imploder.  In addition to this, its
		algorithms are more efficient, both in terms of speed, and
		size reduction.  Version 4.0, binary only.
		Author:  Albert-Jan Brouwer, Peter Struijk, Erwin Zwart,
			 Paul van der Valk

TWA		A commodity that remembers the last active window on any
		screen.  If screens are shuffled, the window is automatic-
		ally re-activated when that screen is brought to front.
		Version 1.4, an update to version 1.2 on disk number 874.
		This version fixes a problem which made it impossible to
		autoscroll on a screen which is partially in the back-
		ground.  Binary only.
		Author:  Matthias Scheler

WindowDaemon	Gives extended control to intuition windows and screens
		through HotKeys and Arexx.  Features:  Commodities Support;
		HotKey and Arexx support to manipulate the currently active
		window and screen.  Standard window controls are avalable
		such as Zip, Close, Size, ToFront, ToBack, NextScreen, etc.
		Able to close the parent window of a drawer when opened on
		"Workbench" if CONTROL is held down.  (Only available under
		kickstart V39 or higher); Specialized options to forcefully
		close windows and screens, and also to remove tasks that own
		the active window.  Version 1.6, binary only.
		Author:  David Swasbrook

CONTENTS OF DISK 0985
---------------------

AGAiff		An IFF-to-RAW converter which can load all ILBM graphics
		supported by the AGA chipset.  It is also able to save 24
		Bit colors and sprites wider than 16 pixels.  Some features
		make this program quite attractive:  Coded as a Commodity;
		Coded completely in fast Assembler; Font-sensitive User
		Interface; <MANY> different save formats; Powerful ARexx-
		ort, supporting all stuff from the GUI; Runs even from
		small Assembler Workdisks if you don't need ARexx, Hotkey
		and all Displaymodes; ... and more !  Manual in AmigaGuide
		format.  Version 1.0, first release.  Requires OS 3.0 or
		later.
		Author:  Michael Krause

ILBMKiller	An IFF/AGA ILBM file viewer.  Has optional delete facility
		that allows you to sift though large collections of pic-
		tures, keeping only the ones you want.  Version 1.0, in-
		cludes source in Blitz Basic.
		Author:  David, Coralie Tucker

Lines		An OS friendly game, played with the mouse, where the goal
		is to draw as many lines as you can, obeying the rules.  The
		basic rules are that only eight directions (horizontal,
		vertical, and diagonal) are allowed, a line is exactly
		five points long, and each new line can include at most one
		point that was used in a previous line.  Includes both PAL
		and NTSC versions.  Version 2.4, binary only.
		Author:  Mika Kortelainen

NewIFF		Commodore IFF code modules and examples for OS 1.3 through
		3.x.  Code requires V39+ includes to compile, and under 1.3
		requires the V37 iffparse.library to run.  Examples include
		handling AA display, brush loading, 8SVX playing, clipboard
		FTXT reading/writing, etc.  Version 39.11, includes source
		in C.
		Author:  CBM, submitted by Carolyn Scheppner 

NewTool		A program that will quickly replace the default tool in
		project icons.  NewTool allows you to specify the default
		tool to use, use a file requester to pick the default tool,
		or it will automatically choose the proper tool depending
		on the file type using WhatIs library.  This version is a
		complete rewrite from v37.203 which appeared on disk 947,
		and is now more style guide compliant.  Also included is
		NewToolPrefs v1.1 which is a GUI to quickly and easily edit
		your NewTools.prefs file.  Version 2.6, binary only.
		Author:  Michael J Barsoom

SmallPlayer	A small player for those really big modules. The file is
		less than 10k.  Plays powerpacked Protracker modules.  This
		is version 1.0a, first public release.  Binary only, public
		domain.  Requires AmigaDOS 2.04 or above.
		Author:  Hallvard Korsgaard

CONTENTS OF DISK 0986
---------------------

FDPro2Demo	Demo of Jaeger Software Inc's WWII flight simulator for
		the Amiga.  It has full support for analog joystick and
		rudder pedals and runs in Hi-res Interlace or in DBL
		NTSC/PAL on AGA machines.
		Author:  Bill Manders, Matt Shaw, Drew Dorman, Ted Jump

MeMon		An intuition-based utility that allows you to monitor or
		change specific memory addresses.  User may select byte,
		word, or long word alignment.  Displays in binary, hex,
		and signed or unsigned decimal.  Also useful for displaying
		ascii codes of various character key mappings and/or as a
		hex/binary/decimal converter.  Version 1.1, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk number 769.  Binary only.
		Author:  David Ekholm

Phonedir	Personal Phonedirectory is a database for addresses and
		phone numbers.  It can also dial the numbers automatically.
		Its window can be hidden, and shown again by selecting from
		the Workbench Tools menu.  This is version 2.0, an update to
		version 1.0 on disk 944.  Binary only, freeware.  Requires
		AmigaDOS 2.04 or above.
		Author:  Hallvard Korsgaard

WBrain		A thinking game for the WorkBench.  The player must repro-
		duce a random pattern by filling in a grid in the correct
		order.  The difficulty ranges from moderately easy to im-
		possible.  Uses very little CPU time and very little mem-
		ory, so is ideal for playing while raytracing, etc.  Re-
		quires OS2.0+,  Version 2.1a, and update to version 1.2 on
		disk number 916.  Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Sean Russell

XFD		This software package allows you to decrunch nearly every
		crunched file known to the Amiga.  It consists of the
		xfdmaster.library as the brain and a couple of programs
		that offer certain functions to the user.  The xfdmaster
		library,  successor of the decrunch.library, is a standard
		Amiga shared runtime library.  It works with Kickstart V33+
		and offers applications the possibility to directly support
		crunched files of any kind.  Version 1.00, binary only.
		Author:  Georg Hrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0987
---------------------

Calc		An RPN (Reverse Polish Notation) calculator with a 7-element
		stack window.  Includes the standard arithmetic operators,
		plus swap, drop, power, root, natural log, exponential, sin,
		cos, tan, arcsin, arccos, arctan and hex/decimal display
		modes.  Version 2.0, binary only.
		Author:  Sean Russell

History		This is a 2.04/3.0/3.1 compatible version of the history
		command.  It allows listing, saving, loading, and execution
		of the standard con-handler command line history.  This is
		version 37.5, binary only.
		Author:  Andy Finkel

LhSFX		An oldie, but goodie, that somehow missed getting included
		in the AmigaLibDisks.  LhSFX is a self-extracting archive
		creator.  Update from the original program written by Mike
		Kennedy.  Now uses a file requester.  Has many bugs fixed.
		Version 1.5, freeware, includes source in assembler.
		Author:  Ralf Thanner, Mike Kennedy

LoanCalc 	A mortgage/loan calculation utility.  Although similar
		programs exist, this one is unique in that it is designed
		to track 'Open' mortgages that allow any size payment to
		be made at any time, as well as providing a printed
		Amortization Table for Fixed mortgages with monthly,
		semi-monthly, bi-weekly and weekly payment re-schedules.
		This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.4 on disk
		number 492.  Binary only, giftware.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

MCalc		MUIProCalc is a MUI-based calculator much like Jimmy Yang's
		Calc 3.0.  It still lacks the plotter, but it offers a
		quite flexible history facility for inserting previously
		entered expressions.  Different output formats offered and
		plenty of functions the user may choose from.  Furthermore
		the look of the calculator may be customized.  It offers an
		ARexx Port, which may be used to let MUIProCalc calc from
		within an editor for example.  MUIProCalc may return a TeX
		compatible output, which may be used within a mathematical
		TeX environment.  Results or inputs may be copied to the
		Clipboard.  This version fixes some bugs.  Requires MUI
		(MagicUserInterface by Stefan Stuntz) GiftWare.  This is
		version 1.3, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

CONTENTS OF DISK 0988
---------------------

DQua		A simple GUI-based utility that solves quadratic equations.
		Version 1.00, includes source in HighSpeed pascal.
		Author:  Lee Kindness

MegaBall	Classic amiga action game!  Comes with two graphics files,
		one that lets it run on older Amigas (even ones running WB
		1.2!), and another that lets it take advantage of dazzling
		24-bit AGA graphics if ya got 'em!  Packed with a whole
		bunch of exciting new features, music and boards.  Docu-
		mentation in AmigaGuide format.  Version 3.0, shareware,
		binary only.
		Author:  Ed Mackey

MemClear	A tool for programmers which fills unused memory chunks
		with zeros or any other byte value.  In addition to that,
		it is a pure replacement for 'Avail' and can flush unused
		system resources, such as libraries, devices, and fonts.
		The memory type to be filled can be selected (chipmem,
		fastmem, both).  It also warns if a defective memory
		structure is recognized.  Version 1.8, binary only,
		freeware.
		Author:  Ralf Thanner

CONTENTS OF DISK 0989
---------------------

AntiCicloVir	A link virus detector and exterminator.  Also detects other
		types of viri.  This version can detect: 126 Bootblock; 17
		Link; 28 File; 7 Disk-Validator; 14 Trojans; and 8 Bombs;
		Automatically checks each inserted disk for boot block and
		disk-validator viruses.  Can scan all files of a specified
		directory for known link viruses, and constantly monitors
		memory and system vectors.  This is version 2.1, an update
		to version 2.0 on disk number 865.  Binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Matthias Gutt

FlipIt		A commodity that lets you install hotkeys for flipping
		through screens.  FlipIt lets you specify a hotkey to push
		the frontmost screen to the back, and a hotkey to bring the
		rearmost screen to the front.  This is useful when using
		programs that do not have depth gadgets on their screens.
		Version 1.0.  WB 2.0+ required.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael J Barsoom.

PicCon		PicCon is short for "Picture Converter".  This is a utility
		made for programmers, which will convert IFF ILBMs plus any
		picture format you've got support for in your datatypes
		library to an appropriate image format.  This is an essen-
		tial stage mainly in the development of games, but is also
		useful in development of other software (like demos, appli-
		cations, etc.). Not only whole pictures can be converted,
		but also parts of pictures can be cut out to be saved as
		e.g. sprites or small bitplanes.  Version 2.01, binary
		only.
		Author:  Morten Eriksen

VirusZII	Release II of this popular virus detector that now recog-
		nizes 279 boot and 145 file viruses.  The filechecker can
		also decrunch files for testing.  The memory checker re-
		moves all known viruses from memory without 'Guru Medita-
		tion' and checks memory for viruses regularly.  VirusZ has
		easy to use intuitionized menus including keycuts for both
		beginners and experienced users.  Release II versions of
		VirusZ require OS2.O+.  This is Release II Version 1.03,
		an upgrade to Release II version 1.0 on disk number 948.
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Georg Hrmann

CONTENTS OF DISK 0990
---------------------

BootWriter	A bootblock installer with many features.  You can install
		either an official bootblock, an inbuilt one with the
		possibility to enter some text, or any other bootblock of
		your choice.  Bootblocks can be saved and loaded as either
		normal or powerpacked files.  Bootblock files and disks'
		bootblocks are checked for viruses using the recognition
		code of VirusZ, and, if available, the bootblock.library
		and brainfile (BBBF).  There are about 550 different
		bootblocks recognized.  All filing systems are supported.
		This package also contains the assembler includes for the
		Bootblock.library which were missing on AmigaLibDisk919.
		Version 1.2, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Ralf Thanner

SCSIUtil	CLI utility to issue commands to a SCSI disk using a
		specific SCSI id number.  Commands include inquiry, seek,
		start/stop motor, read sector(s), play audio CD sectors,
		insert, eject, read capacity, etc.  This is version 2.02,
		an update to version 1.815 on disk 889.  Includes source
		in C.
		Author:  Gary Duncan

Stocks		Demo version of a stocks analysis program.  Provides power-
		ful technical analysis using numerous studies including
		Candlesticks, traditional bar charts, 3 moving averages,
		MACD, Stochastics, Gann, TrendLines,%R, Average Volume and
		more.  It generates buy/sell signals based on customizable
		trading rules and graphs daily, weekly, and monthly charts
		using a simple ASCII data file format compatable with
		CompuServe historical data.  Displays on Workbench or
		Custom Public Screen.  Includes on-line AmigaGuide help
		text.  Version 3.04a, an update to version 3.02a on disk
		964.  Binary only.
		Author:  James Philippou, Bug-Free Development

CONTENTS OF DISK 0991
---------------------

ASwarmII	A "high security" Screenblanker commodity (will not burn-in
		the phosphor even when the CPU is really busy).  Based
		loosely upon Jeff Buterworth's "xswarm" for X11 Windowing
		System, it shows from 1-10 "wasps" being chased by 1-500
		"bees".  Screen will blank entirely under periods of high
		CPU usage.  Requires Amiga OS 2.04 and MUI 1.4 or later.
		This is version 2.0, an update to version 1.3 on disk 798.
		Includes source.
		Author:  Markus Illenseer, Matthias Scheler

CopColEd	An editor for colors that can be displayed using the Amiga's
		COPPER.  This program was made for PROGRAMMERS.  This is
		version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Ludwig Huber

Iconian		An icon editor that supports OS 3.x functions, AGA display
		modes such as palette sharing, and 256 colors.  Iconian
		should do everything IconEdit can, and more.  IFF brushes
		are remapped to the current Workbench screen colors, using
		the new palette sharing functions under KickStart 3.x.  All
		common drawing tools are present, including bevel boxes.
		Several resizable windows are used.  This is version 1.90,
		shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Chad Randall

MMBCommodity	THE ultimate utility for the 3-buttonmouse-owner.  Near free
		definition for the midbutton, more qualifiers in conjunction
		with the right button etc.  Requires OS 2.0.  Version 1.0,
		giftware, binary only.
		Author:  Roland Janus

PrtSc		Have you ever noticed that there is a PrtSc key on the
		numeric keypad?  This program makes it work! By pressing
		the PrtSc key on your keypad, you get a screen dump to your
		printer.  Now includes a GadTools interface for better looks
		and the ability to dump the screen to a file instead of 
		the printer if desired.  Version 1.75, an update to version
		1.52 on disk number 945.  Freeware, includes source in 
		assembler.
		Author:  Jan Hagqvist

SmartCache	A small (about 3K) 100% assembly language program that
		patches itself into the 'trackdisk.device' to provide a
		whole cylinder 'Caching' mechanism for all the floppy disk
		drives (including the new HD floppy drives) that you have
		connected to your Amiga.  This program has been designed
		to boost the floppy performance by using your excess memory
		in a shared cache scheme.  This program is a must for
		floppy based systems, that have the free memory!  Tested
		under 1.3 through 2.1.  Version 1.77a, binary only.
		Author:  Thomas J. Czarnecki

CONTENTS OF DISK 0992
---------------------

Csh		Replacement for the Amiga shell, similar to UN*X csh.  Main
		features include over 100 built in commands, 70 functions,
		new system variables, file name completion, freely program-
		mable command line editing, file classes, auto cd, lazy cd,
		intuition menus for the shell window, automatic RX-ing,
		local variables, $( ), statement blocks, high speed, plus
		much more.  This is version 5.37, an update to version 5.31
		on disk 889.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Andreas M. Kirchwitz, et. al.

CyberPager	Allows one to send alpha-numeric (i.e., full text) messages
		to a pager from an Amiga.  This is accomplished by dialing
		into an IXO protocol compliant pager central and uploading
		messages.  Features include Alias file for commonly paged
		people to be referred to by name rather than cryptic PIN
		numbers, "Groups" file allowing messages to be easily sent
		to many people working on the same project, in the same
		department, etc, supports multiple pager centrals through
		a services configuration file, full logging of messages
		spooled, dialout attempts, etc.  Includes sample rexx
		scripts to generate automatic messages, page the current
		person on duty, etc.  This is version 1.4, an update to
		version 1.2 on disk 907, and incorporates a couple bug
		fixes.  It also provides support for services which require
		a real password at login time.  This support will require
		you to update your services file.  Includes source in C.
		Author:  Christopher A. Wichura

KMI		Kochtopfs MagicWB Icons (KMI) are some new icons for
		MagicWB by Martin Huttenloher, includes some Directory
		Icons, some Prefs Icons, WBStartup Icons, and many
		Toolmanager Dock Icons.
		Author:  Christian Scholz

Wbsm		Activates or deactivates programs that are run from the
		WBStartup drawer.  When run from the user-startup script
		holding down the LEFTMOUSEBUTTON during boot up will popup
		the Workbench Startup Manager GUI.  Since the user-startup
		script is executed before the programs in the WBStartup
		drawer are run, your selection will be valid in that very
		session.  Version 1.2, binary only.
		Author:  Herbie van Staveren

CONTENTS OF DISK 0993
---------------------

Fleuch		A little game with 29 extra large stages.  The object is to
		pickup up your cargo and climb safely to the next stage,
		without being shot or running into anything, (including your
		cargo!).  Scrolling, shooting, some gravitation, similar to
		Thrust (C64).  Version 3.0, an update to version 2.0 on disk
		number 932.  Binary only.
		Author:  Karsten Goetze, Andreas Spreen

IRMaster	Software/hardware project to control devices with an infra-
		red remote control (tv set, cd player etc.) with an amiga.
		Using the IR-editor you can build a remote control, learn
		the IR commands, and launch projects with the IR-runner.
		That means you can control e.g. your tv set from the Work-
		bench.  Version 2.2, an update to version 1.0 on disk 943.
		Binary only.
		Author:  Jrgen Frank, Michael Watzl

MUIFFR		MUI Fido File Request is a GUI for selecting files from a
		filelist, which almost every Fidonet mailbox provides for
		download.  The list of selected files is written to a
		.REQ-file in your outbound directory.  The next time you
		call up your Fido Boss these files are automatically
		downloaded by your Fidonet communications software.  This
		is version 1.1, includes source in C.
		Author:  Martin Steppler

CONTENTS OF DISK 0994
---------------------

AddPower	A utility that adds some miscellaneous useful features to
		the 2.0+ OS.  Includes: file requesters in any program, stop
		drive clicking, fix menus and pen colors of pre-2.0 pro-
		grams, wildcard * = #?, make screen borders black, open any
		window on front screen.  All features are independently
		configurable.  Workbench and AmigaDOS interfaces with on-
		line AmigaGuide documentation.  Version 37.14, an update to
		version 37.6 on disk number 939.  Binary only.
		Author:  Ian J. Einman

JukeBox		A program to play compact digitial audio discs by emulating
		a graphical user interface similar to common CD players.
		Supports various vendor's SCSI-CDROM-player, CDTV and A570.
		It provides a command line oriented, fully programmable
		ARexx user interface, as well.  This is version 1.2530, an
		update to version 1.2522 on disk 819.  Shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Franz-Josef Reichert

TheGuru		The Guru is a program that helps you to understand the
		strange GURU message numbers like 8000000B.  This is the
		first public release.  Version 2.3, binary only.
		Author:  E.Lensink

ToolType	A program to make it easier to edit tooltypes in icons.
		ToolType will read the tooltypes from an icon file and
		let you use your favorite text editor to change or add
		to the tooltypes.  ToolType can be run from shell, from
		Workbench, or set up as an appicon.  Includes an option
		to sort the tooltypes alphabetically.  Version 37.210,
		an update to version 37.206 on disk 934.  Binary only,
		Workbench 2.0 or later required.
		Author:  Michael J Barsoom

CONTENTS OF DISK 0995
---------------------

BrowserII	A "Programmer's Workbench".  Allows you to easily and
		conveniently move, copy, rename, and delete files &
		directories using the mouse.  Also provides a method to
		execute either Workbench or CLI programs by double-
		clicking them or by selecting them from a ParM like Menu
		with lots of arguments.  Uses whatis.library to detect
		file types and executes commands based on these.  Version
		2.41, an update to version 2.13 on disk number 843. 
		Binary only, shareware.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

ParM		Parametrable Menu.  ParM allows you to build menus to run
		your favorite tools.  ParM can run programs either in Work-
		bench or CLI mode.  ParM can have its own little  window,
		can attach menus to the CLI window you are running it from,
		or to the WB menus.  It has a builtin mouse accelerator,
		screen blanker, etc.  Available languages: english, french,
		deutsch, italiano, norsk, svenska, dansk.  Version 4.5, an
		update to version 4.3 on disk number 843.  Binary only.
		Author:  Pierre Carrette, Sylvain Rougier

WhatIs		WhatIs.library can detect file types and is fully parame-
		trable by an ascii file.  You can describe file types and
		they will be recognized by the library.  Includes a few
		tools (w/source) for the manipulation of filenames.  This
		is version 4.0, an update to version 3.4 on disk number
		843.  Requires OS 2.0+.  Binary only.
		Author:  Sylvain Rougier, Pierre Carrette

XprKermit	An Amiga shared library which provides Kermit file transfer
		capability to any XPR-compatible communications program.
		Supports version 2.0 of the XPR Protocol specification.
		In addition to fixing known bugs in XPR Kermit 1.111, it
		adds:  sliding windows support, attribute packets, full
		update of download status (number of bytes transferred,
		time elapsed, time left) and many other features.  This is
		version 2.35, an update to version 1.5 on disk number 330,
		includes source. 
		Author:  Stephen Walton, Frank da Cruz, Marco Papa

CONTENTS OF DISK 0996
---------------------

Aren		An extension of the DOS Rename command.  Supports wildcards
		and allows you to change or remove part of a filename.  This
		is version 1.2, shareware, includes source in C.
		Author:  Marc Mendez

ECopy		A utility to copy files from mass storage devices onto
		floppy disks, so that it takes the minimum number of disks.
		Files can be optionally moved.  Uncopied files can have
		their names saved to a file and be used for copying at a
		later time.  Great for picture and music collectors.  This
		is version 1.10, freeware, includes source.
		Author:  Sam Yee

NewEXT		A CLI command which renames files, retaining the original
		name minus the extension and adding on the specified
		extension.  Supports wildcards.  Version 1.0, includes
		source in HighSpeed Pascal.
		Author:  Lee Kindness

Startup-Menu	This utility produces a decisive menu (ie one choice then it
		quits) on start-up which is fully customisable and offers an
        	unlimited amount of gadgets/choices.  Version 1.00, includes
		HighSpeed Pascal Source.  Also includes a small script file
		utility call GetOption, with Pascal source.
		Author:  Lee Kindness

TauIcons	Third release of these icons for MagicWB users.  Includes
		several new and many updated icons to that of the first
		release.  Also includes step by step documentation on how to
		install the icons retaining the tooltypes of the originals.
		Version 1.5.
		Author:  Osma Ahvenlampi

CONTENTS OF DISK 0997
---------------------

MTool		MultiTool II is a directory utility resembling DMaster V1.4
		(cosmetically only).  It offers all basic functions (copy,
		delete,...), special features can be configured using
		external programs.  LH-Archives can be double clicked like
		directories causing MTool to display the archive contents
		in the directory list.  Now you can copy files into the
		archive (add), out of the archive (extract) or delete them.
		MTool supports different screenmodes, localization, fonts,
		it opens an appwindow and works as a commodity.  Everything
		is set up with a very user friendly prefs editor.  MTool
		needs OS2.0 (or higher).  Version 2.0a, shareware, binary
		only.
		Author:  Boris Jakubaschk

CONTENTS OF DISK 0998
---------------------

bBaseIII	An easy to use, versatile, yet full featured database pro-
		gram that will run on any Amiga with WB1.3 or subsequent.
		Search or sort on any field, print mailing labels, delete
		or undelete records, mail merge, get reports in many for-
		mats, scramble files, flag records, and more.  Fields are
		user-configurable, so bBase can be used to keep track of
		addresses, tape or video collections, recipe files, or any-
		thing else you can think of - one program does it all!
		bBaseIII is a greatly enhanced successor to bBaseII.  This
		is version 1.43, an update to version 1.4 on disk 923.
		Shareware, binary only.
		Author:  Robert Bromley

ScreenSelect	A commodity to change screen order by selecting a screen
		name from a listview.  Also allows binding of hotkeys to
		any screen with a proper name.  Supports automatic activa-
		tion of windows (remembers last activations) when changing
		to new screen, is configurable with Preferences program,
		has a full intuition interface and is font sensitive
		(including proportional fonts).  Documentation in Amiga-
		Guide, ASCII and DVI formats.  Requires AmigaOS 2.04 or
		later.  Version 2.2 an update to version 2.1 on disk 947.
		Freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Markus Aalto

TeXPrt		A front-end for DVI printer drivers based on Stefan Stuntz's
		MUI.  It is highly configurable and can be used with various
		DVI printer drivers.  Configuration files for Georg Hess-
		mann's DVIPrint (PasTeX), DVILJP (AmigaTeX) and DVILJ2P
		(Gustaf Neumann) are included.  TeXPrt has an ARexx port
		and interprets 17 ARexx commands.  TeXPrt opens an App-
		Window and supports an (optional) AppIcon for selecting DVI
		files.  Needs at least Kickstart 2.04 and MUI.  This is
		version 3.0, an update to version 2.0 on disk 892.  Free-
		ware, includes source in C.
		Author:  Richard A. Bdi

Touch		A simple TOUCH command, known from UNIX systems.  It will
		touch all files (including patterns) given on the command
		line.  If a particular file (not including wildcards) does
		not exist, it will be created; just like under Unix.  This
		is version 1.3, public domain, includes source.
		Author:  Kai Iske

CONTENTS OF DISK 0999
---------------------

ADAM		A calculation program that is able to handle numbers with
		up to some thousand digits before and after the decimal
		point.  This is version number 3.  The (German) source code
		in assembly language is included.
		Author:  Michael Lorek

ASplit		Splits binary/text files into smaller units, to be trans-
		fered to removable storage units.  It looks like 'split'
		under Unix., but this version allows you to specify the
		size in bytes (instead of lines).  Version 2.0, shareware.
		Includes Source in ANSI C, so it can be compiled on any
		machine.
		Author:  Marc Mendez

DBB		Digital Breadboard is a full GUI digital circuit simulator.
		Digital Breadboard currently supports 2 and 3 input AND,
		OR, NAND, and NOR gates, NOT and XOR gates, D, JK, and SR
		edge-triggered flip-flops, multiple independant clocks,
		switched and pulsed inputs, outputs, Vcc, GND, independant
		4-channel trace scope, event counters, variable speed
		timer, preferences printing, and more.  Includes combina-
		tional logic design utilities.  Version 1.1.9, an update
		to version 1.1.5 on disk 844.
		Author:  Dan Griffin

HQMM		Hero Quest MapMaker.  With HQMM, you can create your own
		missions for Hero Quest, the board game.  You can place
		all objects that are in the Hero Quest set (doors, traps,
		furniture, monsters etc.) on the map and you can write
		your own story to go with it.  All this will be printed
		out in the same style as the original Hero Quest missions.
		Version 1.14, an update to version 1.11 on disk number 
		959.  Requires OS2.0+, binary only, freeware.
		Author:  Camiel Rouweler

QuadraComp	A music tracker which uses the internal Amiga sound
		capabilities.  Features: Uses standard intuition windows;
		Handles the Protracker and Extended Module (EMOD) formats;
		Built-in synth in the sample editor; More and longer samples
		can be used than in normal trackers; Amusing realtime sample
		displays.  Version 2.03, an update to version 2.0 on disk
		number 930.  Binary only, shareware.  Package also includes
		QuadraPlayer, a relatively small, freeware module player,
		that handles both Protracker modules and Extended Modules
		(EMOD's).  The music is shown visually in the Monoscope,
		VU-Meters and SpectraScope.  Version 1.0, binary only.
		Author:  Bo Lincoln & Calle Englund

CONTENTS OF DISK 1000
---------------------

BTNtape		The "Better Than Nothing" SCSI tape device handler.  It
		provides flat-file access to a SCSI tape drive from appli-
		cation programs using simple calls to DOS or C library I/O
		functions.  It can also be used with the Amiga TAR utility
		for disk backups.  It uses your existing SCSI adapter's
		device driver for access to the bus.  This is version 3.0,
		an update to version 2.1 on disk 558.  It fixes a number of
		bugs and includes several new features including file number
		tracking and append-only and read-only safety modes.
		Includes C source and extensive documentation.
		Author:  Robert Rethemeyer

Enforcer	A tool to monitor illegal memory access for 68020/68851,
		68030, and 68040 CPUs.  This is a completely new Enforcer
		from the original idea by Bryce Nesbitt.  It contains many
		new and wonderful features and options and no longer
		contains any exceptions for specific software.  Enforcer
		can now also be used with CPU or SetCPU FASTROM or most
		any other MMU-Kickstart-Mapping tool.  Major new output
		options such as local output, stdout, and parallel port.
		Highly optimized to be as fast as possible.  Version 37.60,
		an update to version 37.55 on disk 950.  Binary only.
		Author:  Michael Sinz

FishRachel	This picture is a hand drawn cartoon picture of Rachel the
		Raccoon "Just Fishin'" to commemorate the 1000th disk in
		the Freely Redistributable Amiga Library.  It is an NTSC
		Hires-Interlace (704x480) IFF picture, and is provided in
		8-color, 16-color, and 128-color versions for use on all
		Amigas.
		Author:  Les Dietz

PolyFit		A program to fit straight lines, polynomes and exponentional
		curves to sets of points.  Can fit to polynomes of degree of
		16 and lower.  Calculated coefficients can be printed and
		saved.  A graph of the points and curve can be shown (in
		any screen resolution), printed and saved as an IFF file.
		Supports localization.  Version 1.21, OS2.0 and higher,
		freeware, binary only.
		Author:  Camiel Rouweler
